Annabeth said, “Sure, Chiron.”
She was probably my age, maybe a couple of inches taller, and a whole
lot more athletic looking.
With her deep tan and her curly blond hair, she was
almost exactly what I thought a stereotypical California girl would look like,
except her eyes ruined the image.
They were startling gray, like storm clouds;
pretty, but intimidating, too, as if she were analyzing the best way to take me
down in a fight.
She glanced at the minotaur horn in my hands, then back at me.
I
imagined she was going to say, You killed a minotaur!
or Wow, you’re so
awesome!
or something like that.
Instead she said, “You drool when you sleep.”
Then she sprinted off down the lawn, her blond hair flying behind her.
“So,” I said, anxious to change the subject.
“You, uh, work here, Mr.
Brunner?”
“Not Mr. Brunner,” the ex–Mr. Brunner said.
“I’m afraid that was a
pseudonym.
You may call me Chiron.”
“Okay.”
Totally confused, I looked at the director.
“And Mr. D…does
that stand for something?”
Mr. D stopped shuffling the cards.
He looked at me like I’d just belched
loudly.
“Young man, names are powerful things.
You don’t just go around

using them for no reason.”
“Oh.
Right.
Sorry.”
“I must say, Percy,” Chiron-Brunner broke in, “I’m glad to see you alive.
It’s been a long time since I’ve made a house call to a potential camper.
I’d
hate to think I’ve wasted my time.”
“House call?”
“My year at Yancy Academy, to instruct you.
We have satyrs at most
schools, of course, keeping a lookout.
But Grover alerted me as soon as he
met you.
He sensed you were something special, so I decided to come
upstate.
I convinced the other Latin teacher to…ah, take a leave of absence.”
I tried to remember the beginning of the school year.
It seemed like so
long ago, but I did have a fuzzy memory of there being another Latin teacher
my first week at Yancy.
Then, without explanation, he had disappeared and
Mr. Brunner had taken the class.
“You came to Yancy just to teach me?”
I asked.
Chiron nodded.
“Honestly, I wasn’t sure about you at first.
We contacted
your mother, let her know we were keeping an eye on you in case you were
ready for Camp Half-Blood.
But you still had so much to learn.
Nevertheless,
you made it here alive, and that’s always the first test.”
“Grover,” Mr. D said impatiently, “are you playing or not?”
“Yes, sir!”
Grover trembled as he took the fourth chair, though I didn’t
know why he should be so afraid of a pudgy little man in a tiger-print
Hawaiian shirt.
“You do know how to play pinochle?”
Mr. D eyed me suspiciously.
“I’m afraid not,” I said.
“I’m afraid not, sir,” he said.
“Sir,” I repeated.
I was liking the camp director less and less.
“Well,” he told me, “it is, along with gladiator fighting and Pac-Man, one
of the greatest games ever invented by humans.
I would expect all civilized
young men to know the rules.”
“I’m sure the boy can learn,” Chiron said.
“Please,” I said, “what is this place?
What am I doing here?
Mr. Brun—
Chiron—why would you go to Yancy Academy just to teach me?”
Mr. D snorted.
“I asked the same question.”
The camp director dealt the cards.
Grover flinched every time one landed
in his pile.
Chiron smiled at me sympathetically, the way he used to in Latin class, as
if to let me know that no matter what my average was, I was his star student.
He expected me to have the right answer.
“Percy,” he said.
“Did your mother tell you nothing?”
“She said…” I remembered her sad eyes, looking out over the sea.
“She
told me she was afraid to send me here, even though my father had wanted
her to.
She said that once I was here, I probably couldn’t leave.
She wanted to
keep me close to her.”
“Typical,” Mr. D said.
“That’s how they usually get killed.
Young man,
are you bidding or not?”
“What?”
I asked.
He explained, impatiently, how you bid in pinochle, and so I did.
“I’m afraid there’s too much to tell,” Chiron said.
“I’m afraid our usual
orientation film won’t be sufficient.”
“Orientation film?”
I asked.
“No,” Chiron decided.
“Well, Percy.
I didn’t know what to say, but Annabeth said, “Undetermined.”
Everybody groaned.
A guy who was a little older than the rest came forward.
“Now, now,
campers.
That’s what we’re here for.
Welcome, Percy.
You can have that
spot on the floor, right over there.”
The guy was about nineteen, and he looked pretty cool.
He was tall and
muscular, with short-cropped sandy hair and a friendly smile.
He wore an
orange tank top, cutoffs, sandals, and a leather necklace with five differentcolored clay beads.
The only thing unsettling about his appearance was a
thick white scar that ran from just beneath his right eye to his jaw, like an old
knife slash.
“This is Luke,” Annabeth said, and her voice sounded different somehow.
I glanced over and could’ve sworn she was blushing.
She saw me looking,
and her expression hardened again.
“He’s your counselor for now.”
“For now?”
I asked.
“Come on,” Annabeth told me.
“I’ll show you the volleyball court.”
“I’ve already seen it.”
“Come on.”
She grabbed my wrist and dragged me outside.
I could hear the kids of
cabin eleven laughing behind me.
When we were a few feet away, Annabeth said, “Jackson, you have to do
better than that.”
“What?”

She rolled her eyes and mumbled under her breath, “I can’t believe I
thought you were the one.”
“What’s your problem?”
I was getting angry now.
“All I know is, I kill
some bull guy—”
“Don’t talk like that!”
Annabeth told me.
“You know how many kids at
this camp wish they’d had your chance?”
“To get killed?”
“To fight the Minotaur!
What do you think we train for?”
I shook my head.
“Look, if the thing I fought really was the Minotaur, the
same one in the stories…”
“Yes.”
“Then there’s only one.”
“Yes.”
“And he died, like, a gajillion years ago, right?
Theseus killed him in the
labyrinth.
So…”
“Monsters don’t die, Percy.
They can be killed.
But they don’t die.”
“Oh, thanks.
That clears it up.”
“They don’t have souls, like you and me.
You can dispel them for a
while, maybe even for a whole lifetime if you’re lucky.
But they are primal
forces.
Chiron calls them archetypes.
Eventually, they re-form.”
I thought about Mrs. Dodds.
“You mean if I killed one, accidentally, with
a sword—”
“The Fur…I mean, your math teacher.
That’s right.
She’s still out there.
You just made her very, very mad.”
“How did you know about Mrs. Dodds?”
“You talk in your sleep.”

“You almost called her something.
A Fury?
They’re Hades’ torturers,
right?”
Annabeth glanced nervously at the ground, as if she expected it to open
up and swallow her.
“You shouldn’t call them by name, even here.
We call
them the Kindly Ones, if we have to speak of them at all.”
“Look, is there anything we can say without it thundering?”
I sounded
whiny, even to myself, but right then I didn’t care.
“Why do I have to stay in
cabin eleven, anyway?
Why is everybody so crowded together?
There are
plenty of empty bunks right over there.”
I pointed to the first few cabins, and Annabeth turned pale.
“You don’t
just choose a cabin, Percy.
It depends on who your parents are.
Or…your
parent.”
She stared at me, waiting for me to get it.
“My mom is Sally Jackson,” I said.
“She works at the candy store in
Grand Central Station.
At least, she used to.”
“I’m sorry about your mom, Percy.
But that’s not what I mean.
I’m
talking about your other parent.
Your dad.”
“He’s dead.
I never knew him.”
Annabeth sighed.
Clearly, she’d had this conversation before with other
kids.
“Your father’s not dead, Percy.”
“How can you say that?
You know him?”
“No, of course not.”
“Then how can you say—”
“Because I know you.
You wouldn’t be here if you weren’t one of us.”
“You don’t know anything about me.”
“No?”
She raised an eyebrow.
“I bet you moved around from school to

school.
I bet you were kicked out of a lot of them.”
“How—”
“Diagnosed with dyslexia.
Probably ADHD, too.”
I tried to swallow my embarrassment.
“What does that have to do with
anything?”
“Taken together, it’s almost a sure sign.
The letters float off the page
when you read, right?
That’s because your mind is hardwired for ancient
Greek.
And the ADHD—you’re impulsive, can’t sit still in the classroom.
That’s your battlefield reflexes.
In a real fight, they’d keep you alive.
As for
the attention problems, that’s because you see too much, Percy, not too little.
Your senses are better than a regular mortal’s.
Of course the teachers want
you medicated.
Most of them are monsters.
They don’t want you seeing them
for what they are.”
“You sound like…you went through the same thing?”
“Most of the kids here did.
If you weren’t like us, you couldn’t have
survived the Minotaur, much less the ambrosia and nectar.”
“Ambrosia and nectar.”
“The food and drink we were giving you to make you better.
That stuff
would’ve killed a normal kid.
It would’ve turned your blood to fire and your
bones to sand and you’d be dead.
Face it.
You’re a half-blood.”
A half-blood.
I was reeling with so many questions I didn’t know where to start.
Then a husky voice yelled, “Well!
A newbie!”
I looked over.
The big girl from the ugly red cabin was sauntering toward
us.
She had three other girls behind her, all big and ugly and mean looking
like her, all wearing camo jackets.
Annabeth said, which I somehow understood was
Greek for ‘Go to the crows!’
though I had a feeling it was a worse curse than
it sounded.
“You don’t stand a chance.”
“Who’s this little runt?”
“Percy Jackson,” Annabeth said, “meet Clarisse, Daughter of Ares.”
I blinked.
Annabeth said, “How did you…”
“I don’t know.”
We walked to the door.
Or
maybe they were just staring at Annabeth, who was still pretty much dripping
wet.
She showed me a few more places: the metal shop (where kids were
forging their own swords), the arts-and-crafts room (where satyrs were
sandblasting a giant marble statue of a goat-man), and the climbing wall,
which actually consisted of two facing walls that shook violently, dropped
boulders, sprayed lava, and clashed together if you didn’t get to the top fast
enough.
Finally we returned to the canoeing lake, where the trail led back to the
cabins.
“I’ve got training to do,” Annabeth said flatly.
“Dinner’s at seven-thirty.
Just follow your cabin to the mess hall.”
“Annabeth, I’m sorry about the toilets.”
“Whatever.”
“It wasn’t my fault.”
She looked at me skeptically, and I realized it was my fault.
I’d made
water shoot out of the bathroom fixtures.
I didn’t understand how.
But the
toilets had responded to me.
I had become one with the plumbing.
“You need to talk to the Oracle,” Annabeth said.
“Who?”
“Not who.
What.
The Oracle.
I’ll ask Chiron.”
I stared into the lake, wishing somebody would give me a straight answer
for once.
I wasn’t expecting anybody to be looking back at me from the bottom, so
my heart skipped a beat when I noticed two teenage girls sitting cross-legged
at the base of the pier, about twenty feet below.
They wore blue jeans and
shimmering green T-shirts, and their brown hair floated loose around their
shoulders as minnows darted in and out.
They smiled and waved as if I were
a long-lost friend.
I didn’t know what else to do.
I waved back.
“Don’t encourage them,” Annabeth warned.
“Naiads are terrible flirts.”
“Naiads,” I repeated, feeling completely overwhelmed.
“That’s it.
I want
to go home now.”
Annabeth frowned.
“Don’t you get it, Percy?
You are home.
This is the
only safe place on earth for kids like us.”
“You mean, mentally disturbed kids?”
“I mean not human.
Not totally human, anyway.
Half-human.”
“Half-human and half-what?”
“I think you know.”
I didn’t want to admit it, but I was afraid I did.
I felt a tingling in my
limbs, a sensation I sometimes felt when my mom talked about my dad.
“God,” I said.
“Half-god.”
Annabeth nodded.
“Your father isn’t dead, Percy.
He’s one of the
Olympians.”

“That’s…crazy.”
“Is it?
What’s the most common thing gods did in the old stories?
They
ran around falling in love with humans and having kids with them.
Do you
think they’ve changed their habits in the last few millennia?”
“But those are just—” I almost said myths again.
Then I remembered
Chiron’s warning that in two thousand years, I might be considered a myth.
“But if all the kids here are half-gods—”
“Demigods,” Annabeth said.
“That’s the official term.
Or half-bloods.”
“Then who’s your dad?”
Her hands tightened around the pier railing.
I got the feeling I’d just
trespassed on a sensitive subject.
“My dad is a professor at West Point,” she said.
“I haven’t seen him since
I was very small.
He teaches American history.”
“He’s human.”
“What?
You assume it has to be a male god who finds a human female
attractive?
How sexist is that?”
“Who’s your mom, then?”
“Cabin six.”
“Meaning?”
Annabeth straightened.
“Athena.
Goddess of wisdom and battle.”
Okay, I thought.
Why not?
“And my dad?”
“Undetermined,” Annabeth said, “like I told you before.
Nobody knows.”
“Except my mother.
She knew.”
“Maybe not, Percy.
Gods don’t always reveal their identities.”
“My dad would have.
He loved her.”
Annabeth gave me a cautious look.
She didn’t want to burst my bubble.
“Maybe you’re right.
Maybe he’ll send a sign.
That’s the only way to know
for sure: your father has to send you a sign claiming you as his son.
Sometimes it happens.”
“You mean sometimes it doesn’t?”
Annabeth ran her palm along the rail.
“The gods are busy.
They have a lot
of kids and they don’t always…Well, sometimes they don’t care about us,
Percy.
They ignore us.”
I thought about some of the kids I’d seen in the Hermes cabin, teenagers
who looked sullen and depressed, as if they were waiting for a call that would
never come.
I’d known kids like that at Yancy Academy, shuffled off to
boarding school by rich parents who didn’t have the time to deal with them.
But gods should behave better.
“So I’m stuck here,” I said.
“That’s it?
For the rest of my life?”
“It depends,” Annabeth said.
“Some campers only stay the summer.
If
you’re a child of Aphrodite or Demeter, you’re probably not a real powerful
force.
The monsters might ignore you, so you can get by with a few months
of summer training and live in the mortal world the rest of the year.
But for
some of us, it’s too dangerous to leave.
We’re year-rounders.
In the mortal
world, we attract monsters.
They sense us.
They come to challenge us.
Most
of the time, they’ll ignore us until we’re old enough to cause trouble—about
ten or eleven years old, but after that, most demigods either make their way
here, or they get killed off.
A few manage to survive in the outside world and
become famous.
Believe me, if I told you the names, you’d know them.
Some
don’t even realize they’re demigods.
But very, very few are like that.”
“So monsters can’t get in here?”

Annabeth shook her head.
“Not unless they’re intentionally stocked in the
woods or specially summoned by somebody on the inside.”
“Why would anybody want to summon a monster?”
“Practice fights.
Practical jokes.”
“Practical jokes?”
“The point is, the borders are sealed to keep mortals and monsters out.
From the outside, mortals look into the valley and see nothing unusual, just a
strawberry farm.”
“So…you’re a year-rounder?”
Annabeth nodded.
From under the collar of her T-shirt she pulled a
leather necklace with five clay beads of different colors.
It was just like
Luke’s, except Annabeth’s also had a big gold ring strung on it, like a college
ring.
“I’ve been here since I was seven,” she said.
“Every August, on the last
day of summer session, you get a bead for surviving another year.
I’ve been
here longer than most of the counselors, and they’re all in college.”
“Why did you come so young?”
She twisted the ring on her necklace.
“None of your business.”
“Oh.”
I stood there for a minute in uncomfortable silence.
“So…I could
just walk out of here right now if I wanted to?”
“It would be suicide, but you could, with Mr. D’s or Chiron’s permission.
But they wouldn’t give permission until the end of the summer session
unless…”
“Unless?”
“You were granted a quest.
But that hardly ever happens.
The last
time…”

Her voice trailed off.
I could tell from her tone that the last time hadn’t
gone well.
“Back in the sick room,” I said, “when you were feeding me that stuff—”
“Ambrosia.”
“Yeah.
You asked me something about the summer solstice.”
Annabeth’s shoulders tensed.
“So you do know something?”
“Well…no.
Then Annabeth…twice, she said I might be ‘the one.’
She
said I should talk to the Oracle.
He
wouldn’t tell her the whole thing, but he said Annabeth wasn’t destined to go
on a quest yet.
She had to wait until…somebody special came to the camp.”
I
discovered Annabeth was right about my dyslexia:
Ancient Greek wasn’t that
hard for me to read.
At least, no harder than English.
After a couple of
mornings, I could stumble through a few lines of Homer without too much
headache.
The rest of the day, I’d rotate through outdoor activities, looking for
something I was good at.
Chiron tried to teach me archery, but we found out
pretty quick I wasn’t any good with a bow and arrow.
He didn’t complain,
even when he had to desnag a stray arrow out of his tail.
Foot racing?
No good either.
The wood-nymph instructors left me in the
dust.
They told me not to worry about it.
They’d had centuries of practice
running away from lovesick gods.
But still, it was a little humiliating to be
slower than a tree.
And wrestling?
Forget it.
Campers yelled and cheered as Annabeth and two of her siblings ran into

the pavilion carrying a silk banner.
It was about ten feet long, glistening gray,
with a painting of a barn owl above an olive tree.
I was about to join the celebration when Annabeth’s voice, right next to
me in the creek, said, “Not bad, hero.”
I looked, but she wasn’t there.
“Where the heck did you learn to fight like that?”
she asked.
The air
shimmered, and she materialized, holding a Yankees baseball cap as if she’d
just taken it off her head.
I felt myself getting angry.
I wasn’t even fazed by the fact that she’d just
been invisible.
“You set me up,” I said.
Annabeth was thinking hard.
I could almost see the gears turning.
She
looked down at my feet, then at Clarisse’s broken spear, and said, “Step out
of the water, Percy.”
“What—”
“Just do it.”
I came out of the creek and immediately felt bone tired.
My arms started
to go numb again.
My adrenaline rush left me.
I almost fell over, but
Annabeth steadied me.
“Oh, Styx,” she cursed.
“This is not good.
Nobody moved except Annabeth, who yelled, “Percy, run!”
She tried to step in front of me, but the hound was too fast.
It leaped over
her—an enormous shadow with teeth—and just as it hit me, as I stumbled
backward and felt its razor-sharp claws ripping through my armor, there was
a cascade of thwacking sounds, like forty pieces of paper being ripped one
after the other.
From the hound’s neck sprouted a cluster of arrows.
The
monster fell dead at my feet.
By some miracle, I was still alive.
I didn’t want to look underneath the
ruins of my shredded armor.
My chest felt warm and wet, and I knew I was
badly cut.
Another second, and the monster would’ve turned me into a
hundred pounds of delicatessen meat.
Chiron trotted up next to us, a bow in his hand, his face grim.
“Di immortales!”
Annabeth said.
“That’s a hellhound from the Fields of
Punishment.
They don’t…they’re not supposed to…”
“Someone summoned it,” Chiron said.
“You’re wounded,” Annabeth told me.
“Quick, Percy, get in the water.”
“I’m okay.”
“No, you’re not,” she said.
“Chiron, watch this.”
I was too tired to argue.
I stepped back into the creek, the whole camp
gathering around me.
Instantly, I felt better.
I could feel the cuts on my chest closing up.
Some
of the campers gasped.
“Look, I—I don’t know why,” I said, trying to apologize.
“I’m sorry.…”
But they weren’t watching my wounds heal.
They were staring at
something above my head.
“Percy,” Annabeth said, pointing.
“Um…”
By the time I looked up, the sign was already fading, but I could still
make out the hologram of green light, spinning and gleaming.
A three-tipped
spear: a trident.
“Your father,” Annabeth murmured.
“This is really not good.”
“It is determined,” Chiron announced.
All around me, campers started kneeling, even the Ares cabin, though
they didn’t look happy about it.
“My father?”
I asked, completely bewildered.
“Poseidon,” said Chiron.
“Earthshaker, Stormbringer, Father of Horses.
Hail, Perseus Jackson, Son of the Sea God.”
NINE

I AM OFFERED A QUEST

The next morning, Chiron moved me to cabin three.
I didn’t have to share with anybody.
I had plenty of room for all my stuff:
the Minotaur’s horn, one set of spare clothes, and a toiletry bag.
I got to sit at
my own dinner table, pick all my own activities, call “lights out” whenever I
felt like it, and not listen to anybody else.
And I was absolutely miserable.
Just when I’d started to feel accepted, to feel I had a home in cabin eleven
and I might be a normal kid—or as normal as you can be when you’re a halfblood—I’d been separated out as if I had some rare disease.
Nobody mentioned the hellhound, but I got the feeling they were all
talking about it behind my back.
The attack had scared everybody.
It sent two
messages: one, that I was the son of the Sea God; and two, monsters would
stop at nothing to kill me.
They could even invade a camp that had always
been considered safe.
The other campers steered clear of me as much as possible.
Then I
talked to Annabeth, and she’d overheard something about a theft.
He
gave Annabeth and me each a canteen of nectar and a Ziploc bag full of
ambrosia squares, to be used only in emergencies, if we were seriously hurt.
It was god food, Chiron reminded us.
It would cure us of almost any injury,
but it was lethal to mortals.
Too much of it would make a half-blood very,
very feverish.
An overdose would burn us up, literally.
Annabeth was bringing her magic Yankees cap, which she told me had
been a twelfth-birthday present from her mom.
She carried a book on famous
classical architecture, written in Ancient Greek, to read when she got bored,
and a long bronze knife, hidden in her shirt sleeve.
I was sure the knife would
get us busted the first time we went through a metal detector.
Grover wore his fake feet and his pants to pass as human.
He wore a

green rasta-style cap, because when it rained his curly hair flattened and you
could just see the tips of his horns.
His bright orange backpack was full of
scrap metal and apples to snack on.
In his pocket was a set of reed pipes his
daddy goat had carved for him, even though he only knew two songs:
Mozart’s Piano Concerto no.
12 and Hilary Duff’s
“So Yesterday,” both of
which sounded pretty bad on reed pipes.
But here he was giving me a magic gift.…It made me blush
almost as much as Annabeth.
“Hey, man,” I said.
Luke patted Grover’s head between his horns, then gave
a good-bye hug to Annabeth, who looked like she might pass out.
I was wishing
my dad had given me a cool magic item to help on the quest, something as
good as Luke’s flying shoes, or Annabeth’s invisible cap.
“What am I thinking?”
Chiron cried.
“I can’t let you get away without
this.”
He pulled a pen from his coat pocket and handed it to me.
It was an
ordinary disposable ballpoint, black ink, removable cap.
Probably cost thirty
cents.
“Gee,” I said.
“Thanks.”
“Percy, that’s a gift from your father.
I’ve kept it for years, not knowing

you were who I was waiting for.
But the prophecy is clear to me now.
You
are the one.”
I remembered the field trip to the Metropolitan Museum of Art, when I’d
vaporized Mrs. Dodds.
Chiron had thrown me a pen that turned into a sword.
Could this be…?
I took off the cap, and the pen grew longer and heavier in my hand.
In
half a second, I held a shimmering bronze sword with a double-edged blade,
a leather-wrapped grip, and a flat hilt riveted with gold studs.
It was the first
weapon that actually felt balanced in my hand.
“The sword has a long and tragic history that we need not go into,”
Chiron told me.
“Its name is Anaklusmos.”
“‘Riptide,’” I translated, surprised the Ancient Greek came so easily.
“Use it only for emergencies,” Chiron said, “and only against monsters.
No hero should harm mortals unless absolutely necessary, of course, but this
sword wouldn’t harm them in any case.”
I looked at the wickedly sharp blade.
“What do you mean it wouldn’t
harm mortals?
How could it not?”
“The sword is celestial bronze.
Forged by the Cyclopes, tempered in the
heart of Mount Etna, cooled in the River Lethe.
It’s deadly to monsters, to
any creature from the Underworld, provided they don’t kill you first.
But the
blade will pass through mortals like an illusion.
They simply are not
important enough for the blade to kill.
And I should warn you: as a demigod,
you can be killed by either celestial or normal weapons.
You are twice as
vulnerable.”
“Good to know.”
“Now recap the pen.”
I touched the pen cap to the sword tip and instantly Riptide shrank to a

ballpoint pen again.
I tucked it in my pocket, a little nervous, because I was
famous for losing pens at school.
“You can’t,” Chiron said.
“Can’t what?”
“Lose the pen,” he said.
“It is enchanted.
It will always reappear in your
pocket.
Try it.”
I was wary, but I threw the pen as far as I could down the hill and
watched it disappear in the grass.
“It may take a few moments,” Chiron told me.
“Now check your pocket.”
Sure enough, the pen was there.
“Okay, that’s extremely cool,” I admitted.
“But what if a mortal sees me
pulling out a sword?”
Chiron smiled.
“Mist is a powerful thing, Percy.”
“Mist?”
“Yes.
Read The Iliad.
It’s full of references to the stuff.
Whenever divine
or monstrous elements mix with the mortal world, they generate Mist, which
obscures the vision of humans.
You will see things just as they are, being a
half-blood, but humans will interpret things quite differently.
Remarkable,
really, the lengths to which humans will go to fit things into their version of
reality.”
I put Riptide back in my pocket.
For the first time, the quest felt real.
I was actually leaving Half-Blood
Hill.
I was heading west with no adult supervision, no backup plan, not even
a cell phone.
(Chiron said cell phones were traceable by monsters; if we used
one, it would be worse than sending up a flare.)
I had no weapon stronger
than a sword to fight off monsters and reach the Land of the Dead.
“Chiron…” I said.
“When you say the gods are immortal…I mean, there
was a time before them, right?”
“Four ages before them, actually.
The Time of the Titans was the Fourth
Age, sometimes called the Golden Age, which is definitely a misnomer.
“So far so good,” I told Annabeth.
“Ten miles and not a single monster.”
She gave me an irritated look.
“It’s bad luck to talk that way, seaweed
brain.”
“Remind me again—why do you hate me so much?”
“I don’t hate you.”
“Could’ve fooled me.”
She folded her cap of invisibility.
“Look…we’re just not supposed to get
along, okay?
Our parents are rivals.”
“Why?”
She sighed.
“How many reasons do you want?
I was glad he and Annabeth were with me, but I felt guilty that I hadn’t
been straight with them.
I hadn’t told them the real reason I’d said yes to this
crazy quest.
He tried to apologize, but Annabeth and I were too busy
cracking up.
Finally the bus came.
As the last passengers got on, Annabeth clamped her hand onto my knee.
“Percy.”
An old lady had just boarded the bus.
She wore a crumpled velvet dress,
lace gloves, and a shapeless orange-knit hat that shadowed her face, and she
carried a big paisley purse.
When she tilted her head up, her black eyes

glittered, and my heart skipped a beat.
It was Mrs. Dodds.
Older, more withered, but definitely the same evil
face.
I scrunched down in my seat.
Behind her came two more old ladies: one in a green hat, one in a purple
hat.
Otherwise they looked exactly like Mrs. Dodds—same gnarled hands,
paisley handbags, wrinkled velvet dresses.
Triplet demon grandmothers.
They sat in the front row, right behind the driver.
The two on the aisle
crossed their legs over the walkway, making an X.
It was casual enough, but
it sent a clear message: nobody leaves.
The bus pulled out of the station, and we headed through the slick streets
of Manhattan.
“She didn’t stay dead long,” I said, trying to keep my voice
from quivering.
“I thought you said they could be dispelled for a lifetime.”
“I said if you’re lucky,” Annabeth said.
“You’re obviously not.”
“All three of them,” Grover whimpered.
“Di immortales!”
“It’s okay,” Annabeth said, obviously thinking hard.
“The Furies.
The
three worst monsters from the Underworld.
No problem.
No problem.
We’ll
just slip out the windows.”
“They don’t open,” Grover moaned.
“A back exit?” she suggested.
There wasn’t one.
Even if there had been, it wouldn’t have helped.
By
that time, we were on Ninth Avenue, heading for the Lincoln Tunnel.
“They won’t attack us with witnesses around,” I said.
“Will they?”
“Mortals don’t have good eyes,” Annabeth reminded me.
“Their brains
can only process what they see through the Mist.”
“They’ll see three old ladies killing us, won’t they?”
She thought about it.
“Hard to say.
But we can’t count on mortals for
help.
Maybe an emergency exit in the roof…?”
We hit the Lincoln Tunnel, and the bus went dark except for the running
lights down the aisle.
It was eerily quiet without the sound of the rain.
Mrs. Dodds got up.
In a flat voice, as if she’d rehearsed it, she announced
to the whole bus: “I need to use the rest-room.”
“So do I,” said the second sister.
“So do I,” said the third sister.
They all started coming down the aisle.
“I’ve got it,” Annabeth said.
“Percy, take my hat.”
“What?”
“You’re the one they want.
Turn invisible and go up the aisle.
Let them
pass you.
Maybe you can get to the front and get away.”
“But you guys—”
“There’s an outside chance they might not notice us,” Annabeth said.
“You’re a son of one of the Big Three.
Your smell might be overpowering.”
The Furies surrounded Grover and Annabeth, lashing their whips, hissing:
“Where is it?
Where?”
The other people on the bus were screaming, cowering in their seats.
They saw something, all right.
“He’s not here!”
Annabeth yelled.
“He’s gone!”
The Furies raised their whips.
Annabeth drew her bronze knife.
Grover grabbed a tin can from his snack
bag and prepared to throw it.
What I did next was so impulsive and dangerous I should’ve been named
ADHD poster child of the year.
The bus driver was distracted, trying to see what was going on in his
rearview mirror.
Still invisible, I grabbed the wheel from him and jerked it to the left.
Everybody howled as they were thrown to the right, and I heard what I hoped
was the sound of three Furies smashing against the windows.
“Hey!”
the driver yelled.
“Hey—whoa!”
We wrestled for the wheel.
The bus slammed against the side of the
tunnel, grinding metal, throwing sparks a mile behind us.
We careened out of the Lincoln Tunnel and back into the rainstorm,
people and monsters tossed around the bus, cars plowed aside like bowling
pins.
Somehow the driver found an exit.
We shot off the highway, through half
a dozen traffic lights, and ended up barreling down one of those New Jersey
rural roads where you can’t believe there’s so much nothing right across the
river from New York.
There were woods to our left, the Hudson River to our
right, and the driver seemed to be veering toward the river.
Another great idea: I hit the emergency brake.
The bus wailed, spun a full circle on the wet asphalt, and crashed into the
trees.
The emergency lights came on.
The door flew open.
The bus driver was
the first one out, the passengers yelling as they stampeded after him.
I
stepped into the driver’s seat and let them pass.
The Furies regained their balance.
They lashed their whips at Annabeth
while she waved her knife and yelled in Ancient Greek, telling them to back
off.
Grover threw tin cans.
I looked at the open doorway.
I was free to go, but I couldn’t leave my
friends.
I took off the invisible cap.
“Hey!”
The Furies turned, baring their yellow fangs at me, and the exit suddenly
seemed like an excellent idea.
Mrs. Dodds stalked up the aisle, just as she
used to do in class, about to deliver my F– math test.
Every time she flicked
her whip, red flames danced along the barbed leather.
Her two ugly sisters hopped on top of the seats on either side of her and
crawled toward me like huge nasty lizards.
“Perseus Jackson,” Mrs. Dodds said, in an accent that was definitely from
somewhere farther south than Georgia.
“You have offended the gods.
You
shall die.”
“I liked you better as a math teacher,” I told her.
She growled.
Mrs. Dodds was trying to get Annabeth off her back.
Annabeth said.
“She’s calling for reinforcements!
We have to get
out of here!”
We plunged into the woods as the rain poured down, the bus in flames
behind us, and nothing but darkness ahead.
ELEVEN

WE VISIT THE GARDEN GNOME EMPORIUM

In a way, it’s nice to know there are Greek gods out there, because you have
somebody to blame when things go wrong.
For instance, when you’re
walking away from a bus that’s just been attacked by monster hags and
blown up by lightning, and it’s raining on top of everything else, most people
might think that’s just really bad luck; when you’re a half-blood, you
understand that some divine force really is trying to mess up your day.
“Sliced like sandwich bread,” Grover put in, “but fine.”
“Shut up, goat boy,” said Annabeth.
Grover brayed mournfully.
“Tin cans…a perfectly good bag of tin cans.”
We sloshed across mushy ground, through nasty twisted trees that
smelled like sour laundry.
After a few minutes, Annabeth fell into line next to me.
“Look, I…” Her
voice faltered.
“I appreciate your coming back for us, okay?
That was really
brave.”
“We’re a team, right?”
She was silent for a few more steps.
“It’s just that if you died…aside from
the fact that it would really suck for you, it would mean the quest was over.
This may be my only chance to see the real world.”
The thunderstorm had finally let up.
The city glow faded behind us,
leaving us in almost total darkness.
I couldn’t see anything of Annabeth
except a glint of her blond hair.
“You haven’t left Camp Half-Blood since you were seven?”
I asked her.
“No…only short field trips.
My dad—”
“The history professor.”
“Yeah.
It didn’t work out for me living at home.
I mean, Camp HalfBlood is my home.”
She was rushing her words out now, as if she were afraid
somebody might try to stop her.
“At camp you train and train.
And that’s all
cool and everything, but the real world is where the monsters are.
That’s
where you learn whether you’re any good or not.”
If I didn’t know better, I could’ve sworn I heard doubt in her voice.
“You’re pretty good with that knife,” I said.
“You think so?”

“Anybody who can piggyback-ride a Fury is okay by me.”
I couldn’t really see, but I thought she might’ve smiled.
“You know,” she said, “maybe I should tell you…Something funny back
on the bus…”
Whatever she wanted to say was interrupted by a shrill toot-toot-toot, like
the sound of an owl being tortured.
“Hey, my reed pipes still work!”
Grover cried.
“If I could just remember
a ‘find path’ song, we could get out of these woods!”
He puffed out a few notes, but the tune still sounded suspiciously like
Hilary Duff.
Instead of finding a path, I immediately slammed into a tree and got a
nice-size knot on my head.
Add to the list of superpowers I did not have: infrared vision.
After tripping and cursing and generally feeling miserable for another
mile or so, I started to see light up ahead: the colors of a neon sign.
I could
smell food.
Fried, greasy, excellent food.
I realized I hadn’t eaten anything
unhealthy since I’d arrived at Half-Blood Hill, where we lived on grapes,
bread, cheese, and extra-lean-cut nymph-prepared barbecue.
This boy needed
a double cheeseburger.
We kept walking until I saw a deserted two-lane road through the trees.
On the other side was a closed-down gas station, a tattered billboard for a
1990s movie, and one open business, which was the source of the neon light
and the good smell.
It wasn’t a fast-food restaurant like I’d hoped.
It was one of those weird
roadside curio shops that sell lawn flamingos and wooden Indians and cement
grizzly bears and stuff like that.
The main building was a long, low
warehouse, surrounded by acres of statuary.
The neon sign above the gate

was impossible for me to read, because if there’s anything worse for my
dyslexia than regular English, it’s red cursive neon English.
To me, it looked like: ATNYU MES GDERAN GOMEN MEPROUIM.
“What the heck does that say?”
I asked.
“I don’t know,” Annabeth said.
She loved reading so much, I’d forgotten she was dyslexic, too.
Grover translated: “Aunty Em’s Garden Gnome Emporium.”
Flanking the entrance, as advertised, were two cement garden gnomes,
ugly bearded little runts, smiling and waving, as if they were about to get
their picture taken.
I crossed the street, following the smell of the hamburgers.
“Hey…” Grover warned.
“The lights are on inside,” Annabeth said.
“Maybe it’s open.”
“Snack bar,” I said wistfully.
“Snack bar,” she agreed.
“Are you two crazy?”
“Thank you, ma’am,” Annabeth said.
Aunty Em stiffened, as if Annabeth had done something wrong, but then
the old woman relaxed just as quickly, so I figured it must’ve been my
imagination.
“Quite all right, Annabeth,” she said.
“You have such beautiful gray eyes,
child.”
Only later did I wonder how she knew Annabeth’s name, even though

we had never introduced ourselves.
Our hostess disappeared behind the snack counter and started cooking.
Before we knew it, she’d brought us plastic trays heaped with double
cheeseburgers, vanilla shakes, and XXL servings of French fries.
I was halfway through my burger before I remembered to breathe.
Annabeth slurped her shake.
Grover picked at the fries, and eyed the tray’s waxed paper liner as if he
might go for that, but he still looked too nervous to eat.
“What’s that hissing noise?” he asked.
I listened, but didn’t hear anything.
Annabeth shook her head.
“Hissing?”
Aunty Em asked.
“Perhaps you hear the deep-fryer oil.
Annabeth had stopped eating.
She sat forward and said, “Two sisters?”
“It’s a terrible story,” Aunty Em said.
“Not one for children, really.
You
see, Annabeth, a bad woman was jealous of me, long ago, when I was young.
I had a…a boyfriend, you know, and this bad woman was determined to
break us apart.
She caused a terrible accident.
My sisters stayed by me.
They
shared my bad fortune as long as they could, but eventually they passed on.
They faded away.
I alone have survived, but at a price.
Such a price.”
I wasn’t sure what she meant, but I felt bad for her.
My eyelids kept
getting heavier, my full stomach making me sleepy.
Poor old lady.
Who
would want to hurt somebody so nice?
“Percy?”
Annabeth was shaking me to get my attention.
“Maybe we should go.
I mean, the ringmaster will be waiting.”
She sounded tense.
I wasn’t sure why.
Grover was eating the waxed paper
off the tray now, but if Aunty Em found that strange, she didn’t say anything.
“Such beautiful gray eyes,” Aunty Em told Annabeth again.
“My, yes, it
has been a long time since I’ve seen gray eyes like those.”
She reached out as if to stroke Annabeth’s cheek, but Annabeth stood up
abruptly.
“We really should go.”
“Yes!”
Grover swallowed his waxed paper and stood up.
“The ringmaster
is waiting!
Right!”
I didn’t want to leave.
I felt full and content.
Aunty
Em was so nice.
I
wanted to stay with her a while.
“Please, dears,” Aunty Em pleaded.
“I so rarely get to be with children.
Before you go, won’t you at least sit for a pose?”
“A pose?”
Annabeth asked warily.
“A photograph.
I will use it to model a new statue set.
Children are so
popular, you see.
Everyone loves children.”
Annabeth shifted her weight from foot to foot.
“I don’t think we can,
ma’am.
Come on, Percy—”
“Sure we can,” I said.
I was irritated with Annabeth for being so bossy, so
rude to an old lady who’d just fed us for free.
“It’s just a photo, Annabeth.
What’s the harm?”
“Yes, Annabeth,” the woman purred.
“No harm.”
I could tell Annabeth didn’t like it, but she allowed Aunty Em to lead us
back out the front door, into the garden of statues.
Aunty Em directed us to a park bench next to the stone satyr.
“Now,” she
said, “I’ll just position you correctly.
The young girl in the middle, I think,
and the two young gentlemen on either side.”
“Not much light for a photo,” I remarked.
“Oh, enough,” Aunty Em said.
“Enough for us to see each other, yes?”
“Where’s your camera?”
Grover asked.
Aunty Em stepped back, as if to admire the shot.
“Now, the face is the
most difficult.
Can you smile for me please, everyone?
A large smile?”
Grover glanced at the cement satyr next to him, and mumbled, “That sure
does look like Uncle Ferdinand.”
“Grover,” Aunty Em chastised, “look this way, dear.”
She still had no camera in her hands.
“Percy—” Annabeth said.
Some instinct warned me to listen to Annabeth, but I was fighting the
sleepy feeling, the comfortable lull that came from the food and the old lady’s
voice.
“I will just be a moment,” Aunty Em said.
“You know, I can’t see you
very well in this cursed veil.…”
“Percy, something’s wrong,” Annabeth insisted.
“Wrong?”
Aunty Em said, reaching up to undo the wrap around her head.
“Not at all, dear.
I have such noble company tonight.
What could be wrong?”
“That is Uncle Ferdinand!”
Grover gasped.
“Look away from her!”
Annabeth shouted.
She whipped her Yankees cap
onto her head and vanished.
I could hear Grover scrambling off in one direction, Annabeth in another.
But I was too dazed to move.
Then I heard a strange, rasping sound above me.
My eyes rose to Aunty
Em’s hands, which had turned gnarled and warty, with sharp bronze talons
for fingernails.
I almost looked higher, but somewhere off to my left Annabeth screamed,

“No! Don’t!”
More rasping—the sound of tiny snakes, right above me, from…from
about where Aunty Em’s head would be.
“Run!”
Grover bleated.
I heard him racing across the gravel, yelling,
“Maia!”
to kick-start his flying sneakers.
I couldn’t move.
I stared at Aunty Em’s gnarled claws, and tried to fight
the groggy trance the old woman had put me in.
“Such a pity to destroy a handsome young face,” she told me soothingly.
“Stay with me, Percy.
All you have to do is look up.”
I fought the urge to obey.
Instead I looked to one side and saw one of
those glass spheres people put in gardens—a gazing ball.
I could see Aunty
Em’s dark reflection in the orange glass; her headdress was gone, revealing
her face as a shimmering pale circle.
Her hair was moving, writhing like
serpents.
Aunty Em.
Aunty “M.”
How could I have been so stupid?
Think, I told myself.
How did Medusa die in the myth?
But I couldn’t think.
Something told me that in the myth Medusa had
been asleep when she was attacked by my namesake, Perseus.
She wasn’t
anywhere near asleep now.
If she wanted, she could take those talons right
now and rake open my face.
“The Gray-Eyed One did this to me, Percy,” Medusa said, and she didn’t
sound anything like a monster.
Her voice invited me to look up, to
sympathize with a poor old grandmother.
“Annabeth’s mother, the cursed
Athena, turned me from a beautiful woman into this.”

“Don’t listen to her!”
Annabeth’s voice shouted, somewhere in the
statuary.
“Run, Percy!”
“Silence!”
Medusa snarled.
Then her voice modulated back to a
comforting purr.
“You see why I must destroy the girl, Percy.
She is my
enemy’s daughter.
I shall crush her statue to dust.
But you, dear Percy, you
need not suffer.”
“No,” I muttered.
I tried to make my legs move.
“Do you really want to help the gods?”
Medusa asked.
“Do you
understand what awaits you on this foolish quest, Percy?
What will happen if
you reach the Underworld?
Do not be a pawn of the Olympians, my dear.
You
would be better off as a statue.
Less pain.
Less pain.”
“Percy!”
Behind me, I heard a buzzing sound, like a two-hundred-pound
hummingbird in a nosedive.
Grover yelled, “Duck!”
Right next to me, Annabeth’s voice said, “Percy!”
I jumped so high my feet nearly cleared a garden gnome.
“Jeez!
Don’t do
that!”
Annabeth took off her Yankees cap and became visible.
“You have to cut
her head off.”
“What?
Are you crazy?
Let’s get out of here.”
“Medusa is a menace.
She’s evil.
I’d kill her myself, but…” Annabeth
swallowed, as if she were about to make a difficult admission.
“But you’ve
got the better weapon.
Besides, I’d never get close to her.
She’d slice me to
bits because of my mother.
You—you’ve got a chance.”
“What?
I can’t—”
“Look, do you want her turning more innocent people into statues?”
She pointed to a pair of statue lovers, a man and a woman with their arms
around each other, turned to stone by the monster.
Annabeth grabbed a green gazing ball from a nearby pedestal.
“A
polished shield would be better.”
She studied the sphere critically.
“The
convexity will cause some distortion.
The reflection’s size should be off by a
factor of—”
“Would you speak English?”
“I am!”
She tossed me the glass ball.
“Just look at her in the glass.
Never
look at her directly.”
“Hey, guys!”
Grover yelled somewhere above us.
“I think she’s
unconscious!”

“Roooaaarrr!”
“Maybe not,” Grover corrected.
He went in for another pass with the tree
branch.
“Hurry,” Annabeth told me.
“Grover’s got a great nose, but he’ll
eventually crash.”
I took out my pen and uncapped it.
The bronze blade of Riptide elongated
in my hand.
I followed the hissing and spitting sounds of Medusa’s hair.
I kept my eyes locked on the gazing ball
so I would only glimpse
Medusa’s reflection, not the real thing.
Then, in the green tinted glass, I saw
her.
Grover was coming in for another turn at bat, but this time he flew a little
too low.
Medusa grabbed the stick and pulled him off course.
He tumbled
through the air and crashed into the arms of a stone grizzly bear with a
painful “Ummphh!”
Medusa was about to lunge at him when I yelled, “Hey!”
I advanced on her, which wasn’t easy, holding a sword and a glass ball.
If
she charged, I’d have a hard time defending myself.
But she let me approach—twenty feet, ten feet.
I could see the reflection of her face now.
Surely it wasn’t really that
ugly.
The green swirls of the gazing ball must be distorting it, making it look
worse.
“You wouldn’t harm an old woman, Percy,” she crooned.
“I know you
wouldn’t.”
I hesitated, fascinated by the face I saw reflected in the glass—the eyes
that seemed to burn straight through the green tint, making my arms go weak.
Annabeth straightened.
In a bad imitation of my voice, she said: “‘It’s just
a photo, Annabeth.
What’s the harm?’”
“Forget it,” I said.
“You’re impossible.”
“You’re insufferable.”
“You’re—”
“Hey!”
Grover interrupted.
“You two are giving me a migraine, and
satyrs don’t even get migraines.
What are we going to do with the head?”
I stared at the thing.
One little snake was hanging out of a hole in the
plastic.
The words printed on the side of the bag said: WE APPRECIATE YOUR
BUSINESS!
I was angry, not just with Annabeth or her mom, but with all the gods for
this whole quest, for getting us blown off the road and in two major fights the
very first day out from camp.
At this rate, we’d never make it to L.A. alive,
much less before the summer solstice.
What had Medusa said?
Do not be a pawn of the Olympians, my dear.
You would be better off as
a statue.
I got up.
“I’ll be back.”
“Percy,” Annabeth called after me.
“What are you—”
I searched the back of the warehouse until I found Medusa’s office.
Her
account book showed her six most recent sales, all shipments to the
Underworld to decorate Hades and Persephone’s garden.
According to one
freight bill, the Underworld’s billing address was DOA Recording Studios,
West Hollywood, California.
I folded up the bill and stuffed it in my pocket.
In the cash register I found twenty dollars, a few golden drachmas, and
some packing slips for Hermes Overnight Express, each with a little leather
bag attached for coins.
I rummaged around the rest of the office until I found
the right-size box.
I went back to the picnic table, packed up Medusa’s head, and filled out a
delivery slip:

The Gods
Mount Olympus
600th Floor,
Empire State Building
New York, NY

With best wishes,
PERCY JACKSON

“They’re not going to like that,” Grover warned.
“They’ll think you’re
impertinent.”
I poured some golden drachmas in the pouch.
As soon as I closed it, there
was a sound like a cash register.
The package floated off the table and
disappeared with a pop!
“I am impertinent,” I said.
I looked at Annabeth, daring her to criticize.
She didn’t.
She seemed resigned to the fact that I had a major talent for
ticking off the gods.
“Come on,” she muttered.
“We need a new plan.”
TWELVE

WE GET ADVICE FROM A POODLE

We were pretty miserable that night.
We camped out in the woods, a hundred yards from the main road, in a
marshy clearing that local kids had obviously been using for parties.
The
ground was littered with flattened soda cans and fast-food wrappers.
We’d taken some food and blankets from Aunty Em’s, but we didn’t dare
light a fire to dry our damp clothes.
The Furies and Medusa had provided
enough excitement for one day.
We didn’t want to attract anything else.
We decided to sleep in shifts.
I volunteered to take first watch.
Annabeth curled up on the blankets and was snoring as soon as her head
hit the ground.
Grover fluttered with his flying shoes to the lowest bough of a
tree, put his back to the trunk, and stared at the night sky.
“Go ahead and sleep,” I told him.
“I’ll wake you if there’s trouble.”
He nodded, but still didn’t close his eyes.
“It makes me sad, Percy.”
“What does?
The fact that you signed up for this stupid quest?”
“No.
This makes me sad.”
He pointed at all the garbage on the ground.
“And the sky.
You can’t even see the stars.
They’ve polluted the sky.
This is a terrible time to be a satyr.”
“Oh, yeah.
I guess you’d be an environmentalist.”
He glared at me.
“Only a human wouldn’t be.
Your species is clogging up

the world so fast…ah, never mind.
It’s useless to lecture a human.
At the rate
things are going, I’ll never find Pan.”
“Pam?
Like the cooking spray?”
“Pan!” he cried indignantly.
“P-A-N.
The great god Pan!
What do you
think I want a searcher’s license for?”
A strange breeze rustled through the clearing, temporarily overpowering
the stink of trash and muck.
It brought the smell of berries and wildflowers
and clean rainwater, things that might’ve once been in these woods.
Suddenly
I was nostalgic for something I’d never known.
“Tell me about the search,” I said.
Grover looked at me cautiously, as if he were afraid I was just making
fun.
“The God of Wild Places disappeared two thousand years ago,” he told
me.
“A sailor off the coast of Ephesos heard a mysterious voice crying out
from the shore, ‘Tell them that the great god Pan has died!’
When humans
heard the news, they believed it.
They’ve been pillaging Pan’s kingdom ever
since.
But for the satyrs, Pan was our lord and master.
He protected us and
the wild places of the earth.
We refuse to believe that he died.
In every
generation, the bravest satyrs pledge their lives to finding Pan.
They search
the earth, exploring all the wildest places, hoping to find where he is hidden,
and wake him from his sleep.”
“And you want to be a searcher.”
“It’s my life’s dream,” he said.
“My father was a searcher.
And my Uncle
Ferdinand…the statue you saw back there—”
“Oh, right, sorry.”
Grover shook his head.
“Uncle Ferdinand knew the risks.
So did my dad.
But I’ll succeed.
I’ll be the first searcher to return alive.”

“Hang on—the first?”
Grover took his reed pipes out of his pocket.
“No searcher has ever come
back.
Once they set out, they disappear.
They’re never seen alive again.”
“Not once in two thousand years?”
“No.”
“And your dad?
You have no idea what happened to him?”
“None.”
“But you still want to go,” I said, amazed.
“I mean, you really think
you’ll be the one to find Pan?”
“I have to believe that, Percy.
Every searcher does.
It’s the only thing that
keeps us from despair when we look at what humans have done to the world.
I have to believe Pan can still be awakened.”
I stared at the orange haze of the sky and tried to understand how Grover
could pursue a dream that seemed so hopeless.
Then again, was I any better?
“How are we going to get into the Underworld?”
I asked him.
“I mean,
what chance do we have against a god?”
“I don’t know,” he admitted.
“But back at Medusa’s, when you were
searching her office?
Annabeth was telling me—”
“Oh, I forgot.
Annabeth will have a plan all figured out.”
“Don’t be so hard on her, Percy.
She’s had a tough life, but she’s a good
person.
After all, she forgave me.
…” His voice faltered.
“What do you mean?”
I asked.
“Forgave you for what?”
Suddenly, Grover seemed very interested in playing notes on his pipes.
“Wait a minute,” I said.
“Your first keeper job was five years ago.
Annabeth has been at camp five years.
“But as I was saying, back at Medusa’s,
Annabeth and I agreed there’s something strange going on with this quest.
Something isn’t what it seems.”
“Well, duh.
“Maybe…but Annabeth and I, we both got the feeling they weren’t
asking about a person.
They said ‘Where is it?’
They seemed to be asking
about an object.”
“That doesn’t make sense.”
“I know.
But if we’ve misunderstood something about this quest, and we
only have nine days to find the master bolt.…” He looked at me like he was
hoping for answers, but I didn’t have any.
I thought about what Medusa had said: I was being used by the gods.
What lay ahead of me was worse than petrification.
“I haven’t been straight
with you,” I told Grover.
“I don’t care about the master bolt.
I agreed to go to
the Underworld so I could bring back my mother.”
Grover blew a soft note on his pipes.
“I know that, Percy.
But are you
sure that’s the only reason?”

“I’m not doing it to help my father.
He doesn’t care about me.
I don’t care
about him.”
Grover gazed down from his tree branch.
“Look, Percy, I’m not as smart
as Annabeth.
I’m not as brave as you.
But I’m pretty good at reading
emotions.
You’re glad your dad is alive.
You feel good that he’s claimed you,
and part of you wants to make him proud.
That’s why you mailed Medusa’s
head to Olympus.
You wanted him to notice what you’d done.”
“Yeah?
Well maybe satyr emotions work differently than human
emotions.
Because you’re wrong.
I don’t care what he thinks.”
Grover pulled his feet up onto the branch.
“Okay, Percy.
Whatever.”
“Besides, I haven’t done anything worth bragging about.
We barely got
out of New York and we’re stuck here with no money and no way west.”
Grover looked at the night sky, like he was thinking about that problem.
“How about I take first watch, huh?
You get some sleep.”
I wanted to protest, but he started to play Mozart, soft and sweet, and I
turned away, my eyes stinging.
After a few bars of Piano Concerto no. 12, I
was asleep.
In my dreams, I stood in a dark cavern before a gaping pit.
Gray mist
creatures churned all around me, whispering rags of smoke that I somehow
knew were the spirits of the dead.
They tugged at my clothes, trying to pull me back, but I felt compelled to
walk forward to the very edge of the chasm.
Looking down made me dizzy.
The pit yawned so wide and was so completely black, I knew it must be
bottomless.
Yet I had a feeling that something was trying to rise from the

abyss, something huge and evil.
The little hero, an amused voice echoed far down in the darkness.
Too
weak, too young, but perhaps you will do.
The voice felt ancient—cold and heavy.
It wrapped around me like sheets
of lead.
They have misled you, boy, it said.
Barter with me.
I will give you what
you want.
A shimmering image hovered over the void: my mother, frozen at the
moment she’d dissolved in a shower of gold.
Her face was distorted with pain, as if the Minotaur were still squeezing
her neck.
Her eyes looked directly at me, pleading: Go!
I tried to cry out, but my voice wouldn’t work.
Cold laughter echoed from the chasm.
An invisible force pulled me forward.
It would drag me into the pit unless
I stood firm.
Help me rise, boy.
The voice became hungrier.
Bring me the bolt.
Strike a
blow against the treacherous gods!
The spirits of the dead whispered around me, No!
Wake!
The image of my mother began to fade.
The thing in the pit tightened its
unseen grip around me.
I realized it wasn’t interested in pulling me in.
It was using me to pull
itself out.
Good, it murmured.
Good.
Wake!
the dead whispered.
Wake!

Someone was shaking me.
My eyes opened, and it was daylight.
“Well,” Annabeth said, “the zombie lives.”
I was trembling from the dream.
I could still feel the grip of the chasm
monster around my chest.
“How long was I asleep?”
“Long enough for me to cook breakfast.”
Annabeth tossed me a bag of
nacho-flavored corn chips from Aunty Em’s snack bar.
“And Grover went
exploring.
Look, he found a friend.”
My eyes had trouble focusing.
Grover was sitting cross-legged on a blanket with something fuzzy in his
lap, a dirty, unnaturally pink stuffed animal.
No.
It wasn’t a stuffed animal.
It was a pink poodle.
The poodle yapped at me suspiciously.
Grover said, “No, he’s not.”
I blinked.
“Are you…talking to that thing?”
The poodle growled.
“This thing,” Grover warned, “is our ticket west.
Be nice to him.”
“You can talk to animals?”
Grover ignored the question.
“Percy, meet Gladiola.
Gladiola, Percy.”
I stared at Annabeth, figuring she’d crack up at this practical joke they
were playing on me, but she looked deadly serious.
“I’m not saying hello to a pink poodle,” I said.
“Forget it.”
“Percy,” Annabeth said.
“I said hello to the poodle.
You say hello to the
poodle.”
The poodle growled.
I said hello to the poodle.
“So we turn in Gladiola,” Annabeth explained in her best strategy voice,
“we get money, and we buy tickets to Los Angeles.
Simple.”
I thought about my dream—the whispering voices of the dead, the thing
in the chasm, and my mother’s face, shimmering as it dissolved into gold.
All
that might be waiting for me in the West.
“Not another bus,” I said warily.
“No,” Annabeth agreed.
She pointed downhill, toward train tracks I hadn’t been able to see last
night in the dark.
“There’s an Amtrack station half a mile that way.
According to Gladiola, the westbound train leaves at noon.”
THIRTEEN

I PLUNGE TO MY DEATH

We spent two days on the Amtrak train, heading west through hills, over
rivers, past amber waves of grain.
We weren’t attacked once, but I didn’t relax.
I felt that we were traveling
around in a display case, being watched from above and maybe from below,
that something was waiting for the right opportunity.
I tried to keep a low profile because my name and picture were splattered
over the front pages of several East Coast newspapers.
The Trenton RegisterNews showed a photo taken by a tourist as I got off the Greyhound bus.
I had
a wild look in my eyes.
My sword was a metallic blur in my hands.
It
might’ve been a baseball bat or a lacrosse stick.
The picture’s caption read:
Twelve-year-old Percy Jackson, wanted for questioning in the Long
Island disappearance of his mother two weeks ago, is shown here fleeing
from the bus where he accosted several elderly female passengers.
The bus
exploded on an east New Jersey roadside shortly after Jackson fled the scene.
Based on eyewitness accounts, police believe the boy may be traveling with
two teenage accomplices.
His stepfather, Gabe Ugliano, has offered a cash
reward for information leading to his capture.
“Don’t worry,” Annabeth told me.
“Mortal police could never find us.”
But she didn’t sound so sure.
The rest of the day I spent alternately pacing the length of the train
(because I had a really hard time sitting still) or looking out the windows.
Once, I spotted a family of centaurs galloping across a wheat field, bows
at the ready, as they hunted lunch.
The little boy centaur, who was the size of
a second-grader on a pony, caught my eye and waved.
I looked around the
passenger car, but nobody else had noticed.
The adult riders all had their
faces buried in laptop computers or magazines.
Another time, toward evening, I saw something huge moving through the
woods.
I could’ve sworn it was a lion, except that lions don’t live wild in
America, and this thing was the size of a Hummer.
Its fur glinted gold in the
evening light.
Then it leaped through the trees and was gone.
Our reward money for returning Gladiola the poodle had only been enough to
purchase tickets as far as Denver.
We couldn’t get berths in the sleeper car, so
we dozed in our seats.
My neck got stiff.
I tried not to drool in my sleep,
since Annabeth was sitting right next to me.
Grover kept snoring and bleating and waking me up.
Once, he shuffled
around and his fake foot fell off.
Annabeth and I had to stick it back on
before any of the other passengers noticed.
“So,” Annabeth asked me, once we’d gotten Grover’s sneaker readjusted.
“Who wants your help?”
“What do you mean?”
“When you were asleep just now, you mumbled, ‘I won’t help you.’
Who
were you dreaming about?”
I was reluctant to say anything.
It was the second time I’d dreamed about
the evil voice from the pit.
But it bothered me so much I finally told her.
Annabeth was quiet for a long time.
“That doesn’t sound like Hades.
He

always appears on a black throne, and he never laughs.”
“He offered my mother in trade.
Who else could do that?”
“I guess…if he meant, ‘Help me rise from the Underworld.’
If he wants
war with the Olympians.
But why ask you to bring him the master bolt if he
already has it?”
I shook my head, wishing I knew the answer.
Annabeth readjusted his cap so it covered his horns.
“Percy, you can’t
barter with Hades.
You know that, right?
He’s deceitful, heartless, and
greedy.
I don’t care if his Kindly Ones weren’t as aggressive this time—”
“This time?”
I asked.
“You mean you’ve run into them before?”
Her hand crept up to her necklace.
She fingered a glazed white bead
painted with the image of a pine tree, one of her clay end-of-summer tokens.
“Let’s just say I’ve got no love for the Lord of the Dead.
You can’t be
tempted to make a deal for your mom.”
“What would you do if it was your dad?”
“That’s easy,” she said.
“I’d leave him to rot.”
“You’re not serious?”
Annabeth’s gray eyes fixed on me.
She wore the same expression she’d
worn in the woods at camp, the moment she drew her sword against the
hellhound.
“My dad’s resented me since the day I was born, Percy,” she said.
“He never wanted a baby.
When he got me, he asked Athena to take me back

and raise me on Olympus because he was too busy with his work.
She wasn’t
happy about that.
She told him heroes had to be raised by their mortal
parent.”
“But how…I mean, I guess you weren’t born in a hospital.…”
“I appeared on my father’s doorstep, in a golden cradle, carried down
from Olympus by Zephyr the West Wind.
You’d think my dad would
remember that as a miracle, right?
Like, maybe he’d take some digital photos
or something.
But he always talked about my arrival as if it were the most
inconvenient thing that had ever happened to him.
When I was five he got
married and totally forgot about Athena.
He got a ‘regular’ mortal wife, and
had two ‘regular’ mortal kids, and tried to pretend I didn’t exist.”
I stared out the train window.
The lights of a sleeping town were drifting
by.
I wanted to make Annabeth feel better, but I didn’t know how.
“My mom married a really awful guy,” I told her.
“Grover said she did it
to protect me, to hide me in the scent of a human family.
Maybe that’s what
your dad was thinking.”
Annabeth kept worrying at her necklace.
She was pinching the gold
college ring that hung with the beads.
It occurred to me that the ring must be
her father’s.
I wondered why she wore it if she hated him so much.
“He doesn’t care about me,” she said.
“His wife—my stepmom—treated
me like a freak.
She wouldn’t let me play with her children.
My dad went
along with her.
Whenever something dangerous happened—you know,
something with monsters—they would both look at me resentfully, like,
‘How dare you put our family at risk.’
Finally, I took the hint.
I wasn’t
wanted.
I ran away.”
“How old were you?”
“Same age as when I started camp.
Seven.”

“But…you couldn’t have gotten all the way to Half-Blood Hill by
yourself.”
“Not alone, no.
Athena watched over me, guided me toward help.
I made
a couple of unexpected friends who took care of me, for a short time,
anyway.”
I wanted to ask what happened, but Annabeth seemed lost in sad
memories.
So I listened to the sound of Grover snoring and gazed out the
train windows as the dark fields of Ohio raced by.
Toward the end of our second day on the train, June 13, eight days before the
summer solstice, we passed through some golden hills and over the
Mississippi River into St. Louis.
Annabeth craned her neck to see the Gateway Arch, which looked to me
like a huge shopping bag handle stuck on the city.
“I want to do that,” she sighed.
“What?”
I asked.
“Build something like that.
You ever see the Parthenon, Percy?”
“Only in pictures.”
“Someday, I’m going to see it in person.
I’m going to build the greatest
monument to the gods, ever.
Something that’ll last a thousand years.”
I laughed.
“You?
An architect?”
I don’t know why, but I found it funny.
Just the idea of Annabeth trying
to sit quietly and draw all day.
Her cheeks flushed.
“Yes, an architect.
Athena expects her children to
create things, not just tear them down, like a certain god of earthquakes I
could mention.”
I watched the churning brown water of the Mississippi below.
“Sorry,” Annabeth said.
“That was mean.”
“Can’t we work together a little?”
I pleaded.
“I mean, didn’t Athena and
Poseidon ever cooperate?”
Annabeth had to think about it.
“I guess…the chariot,” she said
tentatively.
We rode into the city, Annabeth watching as the Arch disappeared behind
a hotel.
“I suppose,” she said at last.
We pulled into the Amtrak station downtown.
The intercom told us we’d
have a three-hour layover before departing for Denver.
Before he was even fully awake, he said, “Food.”
“Come on, goat boy,” Annabeth said.
“Sightseeing.”
“Sightseeing?”
“The Gateway Arch,” she said.
“This may be my only chance to ride to
the top.
Are you coming or not?”
Grover and I exchanged looks.
I wanted to say no, but I figured that if Annabeth was going, we couldn’t
very well let her go alone.
Grover shrugged.
“As long as there’s a snack bar without monsters.”
The Arch was about a mile from the train station.
Late in the day the lines to
get in weren’t that long.
We threaded our way through the underground
museum, looking at covered wagons and other junk from the 1800s.
It wasn’t

all that thrilling, but Annabeth kept telling us interesting facts about how the
Arch was built, and Grover kept passing me jelly beans, so I was okay.
I kept looking around, though, at the other people in line.
“You smell
anything?”
I murmured to Grover.
He took his nose out of the jelly-bean bag long enough to sniff.
“Underground,” he said distastefully.
“Underground air always smells like
monsters.
Probably doesn’t mean anything.”
But something felt wrong to me.
I had a feeling we shouldn’t be here.
“Guys,” I said.
“You know the gods’ symbols of power?”
Annabeth had been in the middle of reading about the construction
equipment used to build the Arch, but she looked over.
“Yeah?”
“Well, Hade—”
Grover cleared his throat.
“We’re in a public place.…You mean, our
friend downstairs?”
“Um, right,” I said.
“Our friend way downstairs.
Doesn’t he have a hat
like Annabeth’s?”
“You mean the Helm of Darkness,” Annabeth said.
“Yeah, that’s his
symbol of power.
I saw it next to his seat during the winter solstice council
meeting.”
“He was there?”
I asked.
She nodded.
“It’s the only time he’s allowed to visit Olympus—the
darkest day of the year.
But his helm is a lot more powerful than my
invisibility hat, if what I’ve heard is true.
…”
“It allows him to become darkness,” Grover confirmed.
“He can melt into
shadow or pass through walls.
He can’t be touched, or seen, or heard.
And he
can radiate fear so intense it can drive you insane or stop your heart.
Why do

you think all rational creatures fear the dark?”
“But then…how do we know he’s not here right now, watching us?”
I
asked.
“They’re below,” Annabeth told her.
“Scared of heights.”
“Oh, the poor darlings.”
The Chihuahua growled.
The woman said, “Now, now, sonny.
Behave.”
The dog had beady eyes like its owner, intelligent and vicious.
I said, “Sonny.
Is that his name?”
“No,” the lady told me.
She smiled, as if that cleared everything up.
At the top of the Arch, the observation deck reminded me of a tin can

with carpeting.
Rows of tiny windows looked out over the city on one side
and the river on the other.
The view was okay, but if there’s anything I like
less than a confined space, it’s a confined space six hundred feet in the air.
I
was ready to go pretty quick.
Annabeth kept talking about structural supports, and how she would’ve
made the windows bigger, and designed a see-through floor.
She probably
could’ve stayed up there for hours, but luckily for me the park ranger
announced that the observation deck would be closing in a few minutes.
I steered Grover and Annabeth toward the exit, loaded them into the
elevator, and I was about to get in myself when I realized there were already
two other tourists inside.
No room for me.
The park ranger said, “Next car, sir.”
“We’ll get out,” Annabeth said.
“We’ll wait with you.”
But that was going to mess everybody up and take even more time, so I
said, “Naw, it’s okay.
I’ll see you guys at the bottom.”
Grover and Annabeth both looked nervous, but they let the elevator door
slide shut.
Their car disappeared down the ramp.
Now the only people left on the observation deck were me, a little boy
with his parents, the park ranger, and the fat lady with her Chihuahua.
I smiled uneasily at the fat lady.
She smiled back, her forked tongue
flickering between her teeth.
Wait a minute.
Forked tongue?
Before I could decide if I’d really seen that, her Chihuahua jumped down
and started yapping at me.
“Now, now, sonny,” the lady said.
“Does this look like a good time?
We

have all these nice people here.”
“Doggie!” said the little boy.
“Look, a doggie!”
His parents pulled him back.
The Chihuahua bared his teeth at me, foam dripping from his black lips.
“Well, son,” the fat lady sighed.
“If you insist.”
Ice started forming in my stomach.
“Um, did you just call that Chihuahua
your son?”
“Chimera, dear,” the fat lady corrected.
“Not a Chihuahua.
It’s an easy
mistake to make.”
She rolled up her denim sleeves, revealing that the skin of her arms was
scaly and green.
When she smiled, I saw that her teeth were fangs.
The pupils
of her eyes were sideways slits, like a reptile’s.
The Chihuahua barked louder, and with each bark, it grew.
First to the
size of a Doberman, then to a lion.
The bark became a roar.
The little boy screamed.
His parents pulled him back toward the exit,
straight into the park ranger, who stood, paralyzed, gaping at the monster.
The Chimera was now so tall its back rubbed against the roof.
It had the
head of a lion with a blood-caked mane, the body and hooves of a giant goat,
and a serpent for a tail, a ten-foot-long diamondback growing right out of its
shaggy behind.
The rhinestone dog collar still hung around its neck, and the
plate-sized dog tag was now easy to read: CHIMERA—RABID, FIRE-BREATHING,
POISONOUS—IF FOUND, PLEASE CALL TARTARUS—EXT. 954.
I realized I hadn’t even uncapped my sword.
My hands were numb.
I was
ten feet away from the Chimera’s bloody maw, and I knew that as soon as I
moved, the creature would lunge.
The snake lady made a hissing noise that might’ve been laughter.
“Be

honored, Percy Jackson.
Before Annabeth could respond, we passed another reporter doing a news
break, and I almost froze in my tracks when he said, “Percy Jackson.
That’s
right, Dan.
Channel Twelve has learned that the boy who may have caused
this explosion fits the description of a young man wanted by authorities for a
serious New Jersey bus accident three days ago.
And the boy is believed to be
traveling west.
For our viewers at home, here is a photo of Percy Jackson.”
We ducked around the news van and slipped into an alley.
“First things first,” I told Grover.
“We’ve got to get out of town!”
Somehow, we made it back to the Amtrak station without getting spotted.
We got on board the train just before it pulled out for Denver.
The train
trundled west as darkness fell, police lights still pulsing against the St. Louis
skyline behind us.
FIFTEEN

A GOD BUYS US CHEESEBURGERS

The next afternoon, June 14, seven days before the solstice, our train rolled
into Denver.
We hadn’t eaten since the night before in the dining car,
somewhere in Kansas.
We hadn’t taken a shower since Half-Blood Hill, and I
was sure that was obvious.
“Let’s try to contact Chiron,” Annabeth said.
“I want to tell him about
your talk with the river spirit.”
“We can’t use phones, right?”
“I’m not talking about phones.”
We wandered through downtown for about half an hour, though I wasn’t
sure what Annabeth was looking for.
The air was dry and hot, which felt
weird after the humidity of St. Louis.
Everywhere we turned, the Rocky
Mountains seemed to be staring at me, like a tidal wave about to crash into
the city.
Finally we found an empty do-it-yourself car wash.
We veered toward the
stall farthest from the street, keeping our eyes open for patrol cars.
We were
three adolescents hanging out at a car wash without a car; any cop worth his
doughnuts would figure we were up to no good.
“What exactly are we doing?”
“Is that Annabeth, too?
Thank
the gods!
Are you guys okay?”
“We’re…uh…fine,” Annabeth stammered.
She was madly straightening
her dirty T-shirt, trying to comb the loose hair out of her face.
“We thought—
Chiron—I mean—”
“He’s down at the cabins.”
In the next stall, I heard Annabeth and some guy arguing with
each other, then the music’s volume decreased drastically.
“So what’s your status?”
“I didn’t mean Annabeth.
She and I have known

each other forever.
She would never…I mean, she’s like a little sister to me.”
I wondered if Annabeth would like that description.
In the stall next to us,
the music stopped completely.
A man screamed in terror, car doors slammed,
and the Lincoln peeled out of the car wash.
“What’s it to you?”
Annabeth’s eyes flashed me a warning.
“Percy, this is—”
The biker raised his hand.
“S’okay,” he said.
“I don’t mind a little attitude.
Long as you remember
who’s the boss.
You know who I am, little cousin?”
Then it struck me why this guy looked familiar.
He had the same vicious
sneer as some of the kids at Camp Half-Blood, the ones from cabin five.
“You’re Clarisse’s dad,” I said.
“Ares, god of war.”
Ares grinned and took off his shades.
Where his eyes should’ve been,
there was only fire, empty sockets glowing with miniature nuclear
explosions.
“That’s right, punk.
I heard you broke Clarisse’s spear.”
“She was asking for it.”
“Probably.
That’s cool.
I don’t fight my kids’ fights, you know?
What
I’m here for—I heard you were in town.
I got a little proposition for you.”
The waitress came back with heaping trays of food—cheeseburgers, fries,
onion rings, and chocolate shakes.
Ares handed her a few gold drachmas.
She looked nervously at the coins.
“But, these aren’t…”
Ares pulled out his huge knife and started cleaning his fingernails.
“Problem, sweetheart?”
The waitress swallowed, then left with the gold.
“You can’t do that,” I told Ares.
“You can’t just threaten people with a
knife.”
Ares laughed.
“Are you kidding?
I love this country.
Best place since
Sparta.
Don’t you carry a weapon, punk?
You should.
Dangerous world out
there.
Which brings me to my proposition.
I need you to do me a favor.”
“What favor could I do for a god?”
“Something a god doesn’t have time to do himself.
It’s nothing much.
I
left my shield at an abandoned water park here in town.
I was going on a
little…date with my girlfriend.
We were interrupted.
I left my shield behind.
I
want you to fetch it for me.”
“Why don’t you go back and get it yourself ?”
The fire in his eye sockets glowed a little hotter.
“Why don’t I turn you into prairie dog and run you over with my Harley?
Because I don’t feel like it.
A god is giving you an opportunity to prove
yourself, Percy Jackson.
Will you prove yourself a coward?”
He leaned
forward.
“Or maybe you only fight when there’s a river to dive into, so your
daddy can protect you.”
I wanted to punch this guy, but somehow, I knew he was waiting for that.
Ares’s power was causing my anger.
He’d love it if I attacked.
I didn’t want
to give him the satisfaction.
“We’re not interested,” I said.
“We’ve already got a quest.”
Ares’s fiery eyes made me see things I didn’t want to see—blood and

smoke and corpses on the battlefield.
“I know all about your quest, punk.
“We can’t,” Annabeth said.
“Look, I hate Ares as much as anybody, but
you don’t ignore the gods unless you want serious bad fortune.
He wasn’t
kidding about turning you into a rodent.”
I looked down at my cheeseburger, which suddenly didn’t seem so
appetizing.
“Why does he need us?”
“Maybe it’s a problem that requires brains,” Annabeth said.
“Ares has
strength.
That’s all he has.
Even strength has to bow to wisdom sometimes.”
“But this water park…he acted almost scared.
What would make a war
god run away like that?”
Annabeth and Grover glanced nervously at each other.
Annabeth said, “I’m afraid we’ll have to find out.”
The sun was sinking behind the mountains by the time we found the water
park.
Judging from the sign, it once had been called WATERLAND, but now
some of the letters were smashed out, so it read WAT R A D.

The main gate was padlocked and topped with barbed wire.
Inside, huge
dry waterslides and tubes and pipes curled everywhere, leading to empty
pools.
Old tickets and advertisements fluttered around the asphalt.
With night
coming on, the place looked sad and creepy.
“If Ares brings his girlfriend here for a date,” I said, staring up at the
barbed wire, “I’d hate to see what she looks like.”
“Percy,” Annabeth warned.
“Be more respectful.”
“Why?
I thought you hated Ares.”
“He’s still a god.
And his girlfriend is very temperamental.”
“You don’t want to insult her looks,” Grover added.
Annabeth and I had to climb the old-fashioned way, holding down the
barbed wire for each other as we crawled over the top.
The shadows grew long as we walked through the park, checking out the
attractions.
There was Ankle Biter Island, Head Over Wedgie, and Dude,

Where’s My Swimsuit?
No monsters came to get us.
Nothing made the slightest noise.
We found a souvenir shop that had been left open.
Merchandise still lined
the shelves: snow globes, pencils, postcards, and racks of—
“Clothes,” Annabeth said.
“Fresh clothes.”
“Yeah,” I said.
“But you can’t just—”
“Watch me.”
She snatched an entire row of stuff off the racks and disappeared into the
changing room.
A few minutes later she came out in Waterland flower-print
shorts, a big red Waterland T-shirt, and commemorative Waterland surf
shoes.
A Waterland backpack was slung over her shoulder, obviously stuffed
with more goodies.
“What the heck.”
Grover shrugged.
Soon, all three of us were decked out
like walking advertisements for the defunct theme park.
We continued searching for the Tunnel of Love.
I got the feeling that the
whole park was holding its breath.
“So Ares and Aphrodite,” I said, to keep
my mind off the growing dark, “they have a thing going?”
“That’s old gossip, Percy,” Annabeth told me.
“Three-thousand-year-old
gossip.”
“What about Aphrodite’s husband?”
“Well, you know,” she said.
“Hephaestus.
The blacksmith.
Clever with his hands, and all, but Aphrodite isn’t
into brains and talent, you know?”
“She likes bikers.”
“Whatever.”

“Hephaestus knows?”
“Oh sure,” Annabeth said.
“He caught them together once.
I mean,
literally caught them, in a golden net, and invited all the gods to come and
laugh at them.
Hephaestus is always trying to embarrass them.
That’s why
they meet in out-of-the-way places, like…”
She stopped, looking straight ahead.
“Like that.”
In front of us was an empty pool that would’ve been awesome for
skateboarding.
It was at least fifty yards across and shaped like a bowl.
Around the rim, a dozen bronze statues of Cupid stood guard with wings
spread and bows ready to fire.
On the opposite side from us, a tunnel opened
up, probably where the water flowed into when the pool was full.
The sign
above it read, THRILL RIDE O’ LOVE:
THIS IS NOT YOUR PARENTS’ TUNNEL OF LOVE!
Grover crept toward the edge.
“Guys, look.”
Marooned at the bottom of the pool was a pink-and-white two-seater boat
with a canopy over the top and little hearts painted all over it.
In the left seat,
glinting in the fading light, was Ares’s shield, a polished circle of bronze.
“This is too easy,” I said.
“So we just walk down there and get it?”
Annabeth ran her fingers along the base of the nearest Cupid statue.
“There’s a Greek letter carved here,” she said.
“Eta.
I wonder…”
“Grover,” I said, “you smell any monsters?”
He sniffed the wind.
“Nothing.”
“Nothing—like, in-the-Arch-and-you-didn’t-smell-Echidna nothing, or
really nothing?”
Grover looked hurt.
“I told you, that was underground.”
“Okay, I’m sorry.”
I took a deep breath.
“I’m going down there.”
“I’ll go with you.”
Grover didn’t sound too enthusiastic, but I got the

feeling he was trying to make up for what had happened in St. Louis.
“No,” I told him.
“I want you to stay up top with the flying shoes.
You’re
the Red Baron, a flying ace, remember?
I’ll be counting on you for backup, in
case something goes wrong.”
Grover puffed up his chest a little.
“Sure.
But what could go wrong?”
“I don’t know.
Just a feeling.
Annabeth, come with me—”
“Are you kidding?”
She looked at me as if I’d just dropped from the
moon.
Her cheeks were bright red.
“What’s the problem now?”
I demanded.
“Me, go with you to the…the ‘Thrill Ride of Love’?
How embarrassing is
that?
What if somebody saw me?”
“Who’s going to see you?”
But my face was burning now, too.
Leave it to
a girl to make everything complicated.
“Fine,” I told her.
“I’ll do it myself.”
But when I started down the side of the pool, she followed me, muttering
about how boys always messed things up.
We reached the boat.
The shield was propped on one seat, and next to it
was a lady’s silk scarf.
I tried to imagine Ares and Aphrodite here, a couple
of gods meeting in a junked-out amusement-park ride.
Why?
Then I noticed
something I hadn’t seen from up top: mirrors all the way around the rim of
the pool, facing this spot.
We could see ourselves no matter which direction
we looked.
That must be it.
While Ares and Aphrodite were smooching with
each other they could look at their favorite people: themselves.
I picked up the scarf.
It shimmered pink, and the perfume was
indescribable—rose, or mountain laurel.
Something good.
I smiled, a little
dreamy, and was about to rub the scarf against my cheek when Annabeth
ripped it out of my hand and stuffed it in her pocket.
“Oh, no you don’t.
Stay
away from that love magic.”
“What?”
“Just get the shield, Seaweed Brain, and let’s get out of here.”
The moment I touched the shield, I knew we were in trouble.
My hand
broke through something that had been connecting it to the dashboard.
A
cobweb, I thought, but then I looked at a strand of it on my palm and saw it
was some kind of metal filament, so fine it was almost invisible.
A trip wire.
“Wait,” Annabeth said.
“Too late.”
“There’s another Greek letter on the side of the boat, another Eta.
This is
a trap.”
Noise erupted all around us, of a million gears grinding, as if the whole
pool were turning into one giant machine.
Grover yelled, “Guys!”
Up on the rim, the Cupid statues were drawing their bows into firing
position.
Before I could suggest taking cover, they shot, but not at us.
They
fired at each other, across the rim of the pool.
Silky cables trailed from the
arrows, arcing over the pool and anchoring where they landed to form a huge
golden asterisk.
Then smaller metallic threads started weaving together
magically between the main strands, making a net.
“We have to get out,” I said.
“Duh!”
Annabeth said.
I grabbed the shield and we ran, but going up the slope of the pool was
not as easy as going down.
“Come on!”
Grover shouted.
He was trying to hold open a section of the net for us, but wherever he
touched it, the golden threads started to wrap around his hands.
The Cupids’ heads popped open.
Out came video cameras.
Spotlights
rose up all around the pool, blinding us with illumination, and a loudspeaker
voice boomed: “Live to Olympus in one minute…Fifty-nine seconds, fiftyeight…”
“Hephaestus!”
Annabeth screamed.
“I’m so stupid!
Eta is ‘H.’ He made
this trap to catch his wife with Ares.
Now we’re going to be broadcast live to
Olympus and look like absolute fools!”
We’d almost made it to the rim when the row of mirrors opened like
hatches and thousands of tiny metallic…things poured out.
Annabeth screamed.
It was an army of wind-up creepy-crawlies: bronze-gear bodies, spindly
legs, little pincer mouths, all scuttling toward us in a wave of clacking,
whirring metal.
“Spiders!”
Annabeth said.
“Sp—sp—aaaah!”
I’d never seen her like this before.
She fell backward in terror and almost
got overwhelmed by the spider robots before I pulled her up and dragged her
back toward the boat.
The things were coming out from all around the rim now, millions of
them, flooding toward the center of the pool, completely surrounding us.
I
told myself they probably weren’t programmed to kill, just corral us and bite
us and make us look stupid.
Then again, this was a trap meant for gods.
And
we weren’t gods.
Annabeth and I climbed into the boat.
I started kicking away the spiders
as they swarmed aboard.
I yelled at Annabeth to help me, but she was too
paralyzed to do much more than scream.
“Thirty, twenty-nine,” called the loudspeaker.
The spiders started spitting out strands of metal thread, trying to tie us

down.
The strands were easy enough to break at first, but there were so many
of them, and the spiders just kept coming.
I kicked one away from
Annabeth’s leg and its pincers took a chunk out of my new surf shoe.
Grover hovered above the pool in his flying sneakers, trying to pull the
net loose, but it wouldn’t budge.
Think, I told myself.
Think.
The Tunnel of Love entrance was under the net.
We could use it as an
exit, except that it was blocked by a million robot spiders.
“Fifteen, fourteen,” the loudspeaker called.
Water, I thought.
Where does the ride’s water come from?
Then I saw them: huge water pipes behind the mirrors, where the spiders
had come from.
And up above the net, next to one of the Cupids, a glasswindowed booth that must be the controller’s station.
“Grover!”
I yelled.
“Get into that booth!
Find the ‘on’ switch!”
“But—”
“Do it!”
It was a crazy hope, but it was our only chance.
The spiders were
all over the prow of the boat now.
Annabeth was screaming her head off.
I
had to get us out of there.
Grover was in the controller’s booth now, slamming away at the buttons.
“Five, four—”
Grover looked up at me hopelessly, raising his hands.
He was letting me
know that he’d pushed every button, but still nothing was happening.
I closed my eyes and thought about waves, rushing water, the Mississippi
River.
I felt a familiar tug in my gut.
I tried to imagine that I was dragging the
ocean all the way to Denver.
“Two, one, zero!”

Water exploded out of the pipes.
It roared into the pool, sweeping away
the spiders.
I pulled Annabeth into the seat next to me and fastened her seat
belt just as the tidal wave slammed into our boat, over the top, whisking the
spiders away and dousing us completely, but not capsizing us.
The boat
turned, lifted in the flood, and spun in circles around the whirlpool.
The water was full of short-circuiting spiders, some of them smashing
against the pool’s concrete wall with such force they burst.
Spotlights glared down at us.
The Cupid-cams were rolling, live to
Olympus.
But I could only concentrate on controlling the boat.
I willed it to ride the
current, to keep away from the wall.
Maybe it was my imagination, but the
boat seemed to respond.
At least, it didn’t break into a million pieces.
We
spun around one last time, the water level now almost high enough to shred
us against the metal net.
Then the boat’s nose turned toward the tunnel and
we rocketed through into the darkness.
Annabeth and I held tight, both of us screaming as the boat shot curls and
hugged corners and took forty-five-degree plunges past pictures of Romeo
and Juliet and a bunch of other Valentine’s Day stuff.
Then we were out of the tunnel, the night air whistling through our hair as
the boat barreled straight toward the exit.
If the ride had been in working order, we would’ve sailed off a ramp
between the golden Gates of Love and splashed down safely in the exit pool.
But there was a problem.
The Gates of Love were chained.
Two boats that
had been washed out of the tunnel before us were now piled against the
barricade—one submerged, the other cracked in half.
“Unfasten your seat belt,” I yelled to Annabeth.
“Are you crazy?”

“Unless you want to get smashed to death.”
I strapped Ares’s shield to
my arm.
“We’re going to have to jump for it.”
My idea was simple and
insane.
As the boat struck, we would use its force like a springboard to jump
the gate.
I’d heard of people surviving car crashes that way, getting thrown
thirty or forty feet away from an accident.
With luck, we would land in the
pool.
Annabeth seemed to understand.
She gripped my hand as the gates got
closer.
“On my mark,” I said.
“No!
On my mark!”
“What?”
“Simple physics!” she yelled.
“Force times the trajectory angle—”
“Fine!”
I shouted.
“On your mark!”
She hesitated…hesitated…then yelled, “Now!”
Crack!
Annabeth was right.
If we’d jumped when I thought we should’ve, we
would’ve crashed into the gates.
She got us maximum lift.
Unfortunately, that was a little more than we needed.
Our boat smashed
into the pileup and we were thrown into the air, straight over the gates, over
the pool, and down toward solid asphalt.
Something grabbed me from behind.
Annabeth yelled, “Ouch!”
Grover!
In midair, he had grabbed me by the shirt, and Annabeth by the arm, and
was trying to pull us out of a crash landing, but Annabeth and I had all the
momentum.
“You’re too heavy!”
Once we caught our breath, Annabeth and I got Grover out of the photoboard and thanked him for saving our lives.
I looked back at the Thrill Ride
of Love.
The water was subsiding.
Our boat had been smashed to pieces
against the gates.
A hundred yards away, at the entrance pool, the Cupids were still filming.
The statues had swiveled so that their cameras were trained straight on us, the
spotlights in our faces.
“Show’s over!”
I yelled.
“Thank you!
Good night!”
The Cupids turned back to their original positions.
The lights shut off.
The park went quiet and dark again, except for the gentle trickle of water into
the Thrill Ride of Love’s exit pool.
I wondered if Olympus had gone to a
commercial break, or if our ratings had been any good.
I hated being teased.
I hated being tricked.
And I had plenty of experience
handling bullies who liked to do that stuff to me.
I hefted the shield on my
arm and turned to my friends.
“We need to have a little talk with Ares.”

SIXTEEN

WE TAKE A ZEBRA TO VEGAS

The war god was waiting for us in the diner parking lot.
“Well, well,” he said.
“You didn’t get yourself killed.”
“You knew it was a trap,” I said.
Ares gave me a wicked grin.
“Bet that crippled blacksmith was surprised
when he netted a couple of stupid kids.
You looked good on TV.”
I shoved his shield at him.
“You’re a jerk.”
Annabeth and Grover caught their breath.
Ares grabbed the shield and spun it in the air like pizza dough.
It changed
form, melting into a bulletproof vest.
He slung it across his back.
“See that truck over there?”
He pointed to an eighteen-wheeler parked
across the street from the diner.
“That’s your ride.
Take you straight to L.A.,
with one stop in Vegas.”
The eighteen-wheeler had a sign on the back, which I could read only
because it was reverse-printed white on black, a good combination for
dyslexia: KINDNESS INTERNATIONAL: HUMANE ZOO TRANSPORT.
WARNING: LIVE
WILD ANIMALS.
I said, “You’re kidding.”
Ares snapped his fingers.
The back door of the truck unlatched.
“Free ride
west, punk.
Stop complaining.
And here’s a little something for doing the

job.”
He slung a blue nylon backpack off his handlebars and tossed it to me.
Inside were fresh clothes for all of us, twenty bucks in cash, a pouch full
of golden drachmas, and a bag of Double Stuf Oreos.
I said, “I don’t want your lousy—”
“Thank you, Lord Ares,” Grover interrupted, giving me his best red-alert
warning look.
“Thanks a lot.”
I gritted my teeth.
It was probably a deadly insult to refuse something
from a god, but I didn’t want anything that Ares had touched.
Reluctantly, I
slung the backpack over my shoulder.
I knew my anger was being caused by
the war god’s presence, but I was still itching to punch him in the nose.
Annabeth said, “That was not smart, Percy.”
“I don’t care.”
“You don’t want a god as your enemy.
Especially not that god.”
Grover calmed the antelope down, while Annabeth used her knife to cut
the balloon off his horn.
She wanted to cut the gum out of the zebra’s mane,
too, but we decided that would be too risky with the truck bumping around.
Grover curled up on a turnip sack; Annabeth opened our bag of Double
Stuf Oreos and nibbled on one halfheartedly; I tried to cheer myself up by
concentrating on the fact that we were halfway to Los Angeles.
Halfway to
our destination.
It was only June fourteenth.
The solstice wasn’t until the
twenty-first.
We could make it in plenty of time.
On the other hand, I had no idea what to expect next.
The gods kept
toying with me.
At least Hephaestus had the decency to be honest about it—
he’d put up cameras and advertised me as entertainment.
But even when the
cameras weren’t rolling, I had a feeling my quest was being watched.
I was a
source of amusement for the gods.
“Hey,” Annabeth said, “I’m sorry for freaking out back at the water park,
Percy.”
“That’s okay.”
“It’s just…” She shuddered.
“Spiders.”
“Because of the Arachne story,” I guessed.
“She got turned into a spider
for challenging your mom to a weaving contest, right?”
Annabeth nodded.
“Arachne’s children have been taking revenge on the
children of Athena ever since.
If there’s a spider within a mile of me, it’ll find
me.
I hate the creepy little things.
Anyway, I owe you.”
“We’re a team, remember?”
I said.
“Besides, Grover did the fancy

flying.”
I thought he was asleep, but he mumbled from the corner, “I was pretty
amazing, wasn’t I?”
Annabeth and I laughed.
She pulled apart an Oreo, handed me half.
We knew Hades was after her, see, but I couldn’t just leave
Luke and Annabeth by themselves.
I thought…I thought I could lead all three
of them to safety.
It was my fault the Kindly Ones caught up with us.
I froze.
I got scared on the way back to camp and took some wrong turns.
If I’d just
been a little quicker…”
“Stop it,” Annabeth said.
“No one blames you.
Thalia didn’t blame you
either.”
“She sacrificed herself to save us,” he said miserably.
“Her death was my
fault.
The Council of Cloven Elders said so.”
“Because you wouldn’t leave two other half-bloods behind?”
I said.
“That’s not fair.”
“Percy’s right,” Annabeth said.
“I wouldn’t be here today if it weren’t for
you, Grover.
“I don’t know,” Annabeth said.
“But that was really a nice thing you told
him.”
“I meant it.”
We rode in silence for a few miles, bumping around on the feed sacks.
The zebra munched a turnip.
The lion licked the last of the hamburger meat
off his lips and looked at me hopefully.
Annabeth rubbed her necklace like she was thinking deep, strategic
thoughts.
“That pine-tree bead,” I said.
“Is that from your first year?”
She looked.
She hadn’t realized what she was doing.
“Yeah,” she said.
“Every August, the counselors pick the most important
event of the summer, and they paint it on that year’s beads.
I’ve got Thalia’s
pine tree, a Greek trireme on fire, a centaur in a prom dress—now that was a
weird summer.
…”
“And the college ring is your father’s?”
“That’s none of your—” She stopped herself.
“Yeah.
Yeah, it is.”
“You don’t have to tell me.”
“No…it’s okay.”
She took a shaky breath.
“My dad sent it to me folded
up in a letter, two summers ago.
The ring was, like, his main keepsake from
Athena.
He wouldn’t have gotten through his doctoral program at Harvard
without her.…That’s a long story.
Anyway, he said he wanted me to have it.
He apologized for being a jerk, said he loved me and missed me.
He wanted
me to come home and live with him.”

“That doesn’t sound so bad.”
“Yeah, well…the problem was, I believed him.
I tried to go home for that
school year, but my stepmom was the same as ever.
She didn’t want her kids
put in danger by living with a freak.
Monsters attacked.
We argued.
Monsters
attacked.
We argued.
I didn’t even make it through winter break.
I called
Chiron and came right back to Camp Half-Blood.”
“You think you’ll ever try living with your dad again?”
She wouldn’t meet my eyes.
“Please.
I’m not into self-inflicted pain.”
“You shouldn’t give up,” I told her.
“You should write him a letter or
something.”
“Thanks for the advice,” she said coldly, “but my father’s made his
choice about who he wants to live with.”
We passed another few miles of silence.
“So if the gods fight,” I said, “will things line up the way they did with
the Trojan War?
Will it be Athena versus Poseidon?”
She put her head against the backpack Ares had given us, and closed her
eyes.
“I don’t know what my mom will do.
I just know I’ll fight next to you.”
“Why?”
“Because you’re my friend, Seaweed Brain.
Any more stupid questions?”
I couldn’t think of an answer for that.
Fortunately I didn’t have to.
Annabeth was asleep.
I had trouble following her example, with Grover snoring and an albino
lion staring hungrily at me, but eventually I closed my eyes.
My nightmare started out as something I’d dreamed a million times before: I
was being forced to take a standardized test while wearing a straitjacket.
All

the other kids were going out to recess, and the teacher kept saying, Come on,
Percy.
You’re not stupid, are you?
Pick up your pencil.
Then the dream strayed from the usual.
I looked over at the next desk and saw a girl sitting there, also wearing a
straitjacket.
She was my age, with unruly black, punk-style hair, dark eyeliner
around her stormy green eyes, and freckles across her nose.
Somehow, I
knew who she was.
A second later, Annabeth appeared next to me.
She must’ve done the
banging to get Maurice out of the trailer.
She said, “This transport business
can’t be legal.”
He and Annabeth both looked at
me, waiting for my lead.
I’d heard the zebra talk, but not the lion.
Why?
Maybe it was another
learning disability…I could only understand zebras?
Then I thought: horses.
“Now would be a good time to leave,” Annabeth said.
“Oh, goodness,” Annabeth said.
Grover was eating potato chips to his heart’s
content, while Annabeth cranked up the National Geographic Channel.
“All those stations,” I told her, “and you turn on National Geographic.
I didn’t think
much of it, but Annabeth loved it.
I’m not sure when I first realized something was wrong.
Probably, it was when I noticed the guy standing next to me at VR
sharpshooters.
He was about thirteen, I guess, but his clothes were weird.
I
thought he was some Elvis impersonator’s son.
He wore bell-bottom jeans
and a red T-shirt with black piping, and his hair was permed and gelled like a
New Jersey girl’s on homecoming night.
We played a game of sharpshooters together and he said, “Groovy, man.
Been here two weeks, and the games keep getting better and better.”
Groovy?
Later, while we were talking, I said something was “sick,” and he looked
at me kind of startled, as if he’d never heard the word used that way before.
He said his name was Darrin, but as soon as I started asking him
questions he got bored with me and started to go back to the computer screen.
I said, “Hey, Darrin?”
“What?”
“What year is it?”
He frowned at me.
“In the game?”
“No.
In real life.”
He had to think about it.
“1977.”
“No,” I said, getting a little scared.
“Really.”
“Hey, man.
Bad vibes.
I got a game happening.”
After that he totally ignored me.
I started talking to people, and I found it wasn’t easy.
They were glued to
the TV screen, or the video game, or their food, or whatever.
I found a guy
who told me it was 1985.
Another guy told me it was 1993.
They all claimed
they hadn’t been in here very long, a few days, a few weeks at most.
They
didn’t really know
and they didn’t care.
Then it occurred to me: how long had I been here?
It seemed like only a
couple of hours, but was it?
I tried to remember why we were here.
We were going to Los Angeles.
We were supposed to find the entrance to the Underworld.
My mother…for a
scary second, I had trouble remembering her name.
Grover reached for the card, but Annabeth yanked back his arm and said,
“No, thanks.”
We walked toward the door, and as we did, the smell of the food and the
sounds of the games seemed to get more and more inviting.
I thought about
our room upstairs.
We could just stay the night, sleep in a real bed for once.
…
Then we burst through the doors of the Lotus Casino and ran down the
sidewalk.
It felt like afternoon, about the same time of day we’d gone into the
casino, but something was wrong.
The weather had completely changed.
It
was stormy, with heat lightning flashing out in the desert.
Ares’s backpack was slung over my shoulder, which was odd, because I
was sure I had thrown it in the trash can in room 4001, but at the moment I
had other problems to worry about.
I ran to the nearest newspaper stand and read the year first.
Thank the
gods, it was the same year it had been when we went in.
Then I noticed the
date: June twentieth.
We had been in the Lotus Casino for five days.
We had only one day left until the summer solstice.
One day to complete
our quest.
SEVENTEEN

WE SHOP FOR WATER BEDS

It was Annabeth’s idea.
She loaded us into the back of a Vegas taxi as if we actually had money,
and told the driver, “Los Angeles, please.”
The cabbie chewed his cigar and sized us up.
“That’s three hundred
miles.
For that, you gotta pay up front.”
“You accept casino debit cards?”
Annabeth asked.
He shrugged.
“Some of ’em.
Same as credit cards.
I gotta swipe ’em
through first.”
Annabeth handed him her green LotusCash card.
He looked at it skeptically.
“Swipe it,” Annabeth invited.
He did.
His meter machine started rattling.
The lights flashed.
Finally an infinity
symbol came up next to the dollar sign.
The cigar fell out of the driver’s mouth.
He looked back at us, his eyes
wide.
“Where to in Los Angeles…uh, Your Highness?”
“The Santa Monica Pier.”
Annabeth sat up a little straighter.
I could tell
she liked the “Your Highness” thing.
“Get us there fast, and you can keep the
change.”
Maybe she shouldn’t have told him that.
The cab’s speedometer never dipped below ninety-five the whole way
through the Mojave Desert.
On the road, we had plenty of time to talk.
Annabeth’s eyes widened.
“What?”
I asked.
“Oh…nothing.
I was just—No, it has to be Hades.
Maybe he sent this
thief, this invisible person, to get the master bolt, and something went wrong
—”
“Like what?”
“I—I don’t know,” she said.
Annabeth was looking at me as if she knew my next question, and was
silently willing me not to ask it.
“You have an idea what might be in that pit, don’t you?”
I asked her.
“I
mean, if it isn’t Hades?”
“Percy…let’s not talk about it.
Because if it isn’t Hades…No. It has to be
Hades.”
Wasteland rolled by.
We passed a sign that said CALIFORNIA STATE LINE, 12
MILES.
I got the feeling I was missing one simple, critical piece of information.
It
was like when I stared at a common word I should know, but I couldn’t make
sense of it because one or two letters were floating around.
The more I
thought about my quest, the more I was sure that confronting Hades wasn’t

the real answer.
There was something else going on, something even more
dangerous.
The problem was: we were hurtling toward the Underworld at ninety-five
miles an hour, betting that Hades had the master bolt.
If we got there and
found out we were wrong, we wouldn’t have time to correct ourselves.
The
solstice deadline would pass and war would begin.
“The answer is in the Underworld,” Annabeth assured me.
“You saw
spirits of the dead, Percy.
There’s only one place that could be.
We’re doing
the right thing.”
She tried to boost our morale by suggesting clever strategies for getting
into the Land of the Dead, but my heart wasn’t in it.
There were just too
many unknown factors.
It was like cramming for a test without knowing the
subject.
And believe me, I’d done that enough times.
The cab sped west.
Every gust of wind through Death Valley sounded
like a spirit of the dead.
Every time the brakes hissed on an eighteen-wheeler,
it reminded me of Echidna’s reptilian voice.
At sunset, the taxi dropped us at the beach in Santa Monica.
It looked exactly
the way L.A. beaches do in the movies, only it smelled worse.
There were
carnival rides lining the Pier, palm trees lining the sidewalks, homeless guys
sleeping in the sand dunes, and surfer dudes waiting for the perfect wave.
Grover, Annabeth, and I walked down to the edge of the surf.
“What now?”
Annabeth asked.
The Pacific was turning gold in the setting sun.
I thought about how long
it had been since I’d stood on the beach at Montauk, on the opposite side of
the country, looking out at a different sea.
How could there be a god who could control all that?
What did my

science teacher used to say—two-thirds of the earth’s surface was covered in
water?
How could I be the son of someone that powerful?
I stepped into the surf.
“Percy?”
Annabeth said.
“What are you doing?”
I kept walking, up to my waist, then my chest.
She called after me, “You know how polluted that water is?
There’re all
kinds of toxic—”
That’s when my head went under.
I held my breath at first.
It’s difficult to intentionally inhale water.
Finally
I couldn’t stand it anymore.
I gasped.
Sure enough, I could breathe normally.
I walked down into the shoals.
I shouldn’t have been able to see through
the murk, but somehow I could tell where everything was.
I could sense the
rolling texture of the bottom.
I could make out sand-dollar colonies dotting
the sandbars.
I could even see the currents, warm and cold streams swirling
together.
I felt something rub against my leg.
I looked down and almost shot out of
the water like a ballistic missile.
Sliding along beside me was a five-foot-long
mako shark.
But the thing wasn’t attacking.
It was nuzzling me.
Heeling like a dog.
Tentatively, I touched its dorsal fin.
It bucked a little, as if inviting me to hold
tighter.
I grabbed the fin with both hands.
It took off, pulling me along.
The
shark carried me down into the darkness.
It deposited me at the edge of the
ocean proper, where the sand bank dropped off into a huge chasm.
It was like
standing on the rim of the Grand Canyon at midnight, not being able to see
much, but knowing the void was right there.
The surface shimmered maybe a hundred and fifty feet above.
I knew I
should’ve been crushed by the pressure.
Then again, I shouldn’t have been

able to breathe.
I wondered if there was a limit to how deep I could go, if I
could sink straight to the bottom of the Pacific.
Then I saw something glimmering in the darkness below, growing bigger
and brighter as it rose toward me.
A woman’s voice, like my mother’s,
called: “Percy Jackson.”
As she got closer, her shape became clearer.
She had flowing black hair, a
dress made of green silk.
Light flickered around her, and her eyes were so
distractingly beautiful I hardly noticed the stallion-sized sea horse she was
riding.
She dismounted.
The sea horse and the mako shark whisked off and
started playing something that looked like tag.
The underwater lady smiled at
me.
“You’ve come far, Percy Jackson.
Well done.”
I wasn’t quite sure what to do, so I bowed.
“You’re the woman who
spoke to me in the Mississippi River.”
“Yes, child.
I am a Nereid, a spirit of the sea.
It was not easy to appear so
far upriver, but the naiads, my freshwater cousins, helped sustain my life
force.
Annabeth said, “But what—”
He patted her reassuringly on the shoulder and led her over to the Safari
Deluxe model with teakwood lions carved into the frame and a leopardpatterned comforter.
When Annabeth didn’t want to lie down, Crusty pushed
her.
“Hey!”
she protested.
Crusty snapped his fingers.
“Ergo!”
Ropes sprang from the sides of the bed, lashing around Annabeth, holding
her to the mattress.
Grover tried to get up, but ropes sprang from his black-satin bed, too, and
lashed him down.
“N-not c-c-cool!”
he yelled, his voice vibrating from the million-hand
massage.
“N-not c-cool a-at all!”
The giant looked at Annabeth, then turned toward me and grinned.
“Almost, darn it.”
I tried to step away, but his hand shot out and clamped around the back of
my neck.
“Whoa, kid.
Don’t worry.
We’ll find you one in a sec.”
“Let my friends go.”
“Oh, sure I will.
But I got to make them fit, first.”
“What do you mean?”
“All the beds are exactly six feet, see?
Your friends are too short.
Got to
make them fit.”
Annabeth and Grover kept struggling.
“Can’t stand imperfect measurements,” Crusty muttered.
“Ergo!”
A new set of ropes leaped out from the top and bottom of the beds,
wrapping around Grover and Annabeth’s ankles, then around their armpits.
The ropes started tightening, pulling my friends from both ends.
“Don’t worry,” Crusty told me.
“These are stretching jobs.
Maybe three
extra inches on their spines.
They might even live.
Now why don’t we find a
bed you like, huh?”
“Percy!”
Grover yelled.
My mind was racing.
I knew I couldn’t take on this giant water-bed
salesman alone.
He would snap my neck before I ever got my sword out.
“Your real name’s not Crusty, is it?”
I asked.
“Legally, it’s Procrustes,” he admitted.
“The Stretcher,” I said.
I remembered the story: the giant who’d tried to
kill Theseus with excess hospitality on his way to Athens.
“Yeah,” the salesman said.
“But who can pronounce Procrustes?
Bad for
business.
Now ‘Crusty,’ anybody can say that.”
“You’re right.
It’s got a good ring to it.”
His eyes lit up.
“You think so?”
“Oh, absolutely,” I said.
“And the workmanship on these beds?
Fabulous!”
He grinned hugely, but his fingers didn’t loosen on my neck.
“I tell my
customers that.
Every time.
Nobody bothers to look at the workmanship.
How many built-in Lava Lamp headboards have you seen?”
“Not too many.”
“That’s right!”
“Percy!”
Annabeth yelled.
“What are you doing?”
“Don’t mind her,” I told Procrustes.
“She’s impossible.”
The giant laughed.
“All my customers are.
Never six feet exactly.
So
inconsiderate.
And then they complain about the fitting.”
“What do you do if they’re longer than six feet?”
“Oh, that happens all the time.
It’s a simple fix.”
He let go of my neck, but before I could react, he reached behind a nearby
sales desk and brought out a huge double-bladed brass axe.
He said, “I just
center the subject as best I can and lop off whatever hangs over on either

end.”
“Ah,” I said, swallowing hard.
“Sensible.”
“I’m so glad to come across an intelligent customer!”
The ropes were really stretching my friends now.
Annabeth was turning
pale.
Grover made gurgling sounds, like a strangled goose.
“So, Crusty…” I said, trying to keep my voice light.
I glanced at the sales
tag on the valentine-shaped Honeymoon Special.
“Does this one really have
dynamic stabilizers to stop wave motion?”
“Absolutely.
Try it out.”
“Yeah, maybe I will.
But would it work even for a big guy like you?
No
waves at all?”
“Guaranteed.”
“No way.”
“Way.”
“Show me.”
He sat down eagerly on the bed, patted the mattress.
“No waves.
See?”
I snapped my fingers.
“Ergo.”
Ropes lashed around Crusty and flattened him against the mattress.
“Hey!” he yelled.
“Center him just right,” I said.
The ropes readjusted themselves at my command.
Crusty’s whole head
stuck out the top.
His feet stuck out the bottom.
“No!” he said.
“Wait!
This is just a demo.”
I uncapped Riptide.
“A few simple adjustments…”
I had no qualms about what I was about to do.
If Crusty were human, I

couldn’t hurt him anyway.
If he was a monster, he deserved to turn into dust
for a while.
“You drive a hard bargain,” he told me.
“I’ll give you thirty percent off
on selected floor models!”
“I think I’ll start with the top.”
I raised my sword.
“No money down!
No interest for six months!”
I swung the sword.
Crusty stopped making offers.
I cut the ropes on the other beds.
“Very funny,” Annabeth said.
“Be faster next time.”
I looked at the bulletin board behind Crusty’s sales desk.
There was an
advertisement for Hermes Delivery Service, and another for the All-New
Compendium of L.A. Area Monsters—“The only Monstrous Yellow Pages
you’ll ever need!”
Under that, a bright orange flier for DOA Recording
Studios, offering commissions for heroes’ souls.
“We are always looking for
new talent!”
DOA’s address was right underneath with a map.
“Come on,” I told my friends.
“Give us a minute,” Grover complained.
“We were almost stretched to
death!”
“Then you’re ready for the Underworld,” I said.
“It’s only a block from
here.”

EIGHTEEN

ANNABETH DOES OBEDIENCE SCHOOL
We stood in the shadows of Valencia Boulevard, looking up at gold letters
etched in black marble: DOA RECORDING STUDIOS.
Underneath, stenciled on the glass doors: NO SOLICITORS.
NO LOITERING.
NO
LIVING.
It was almost midnight, but the lobby was brightly lit and full of people.
Behind the security desk sat a tough-looking guard with sunglasses and an
earpiece.
I turned to my friends.
“Okay.
You remember the plan.”
“The plan,” Grover gulped.
“Yeah.
I love the plan.”
Annabeth said, “What happens if the plan doesn’t work?”
“Don’t think negative.”
“Right,” she said.
“We’re entering the Land of the Dead, and I shouldn’t
think negative.”
I took the pearls out of my pocket, the three milky spheres the Nereid had
given me in Santa Monica.
They didn’t seem like much of a backup in case
something went wrong.
Annabeth put her hand on my shoulder.
“I’m sorry, Percy.
You’re right,
we’ll make it.
It’ll be fine.”
She gave Grover a nudge.
“Oh, right!”
he chimed in.
“We got this far.
We’ll find the master bolt and
save your mom.
No problem.”
I looked at them both, and felt really grateful.
Only a few minutes before,
I’d almost gotten them stretched to death on deluxe water beds, and now they
were trying to be brave for my sake, trying to make me feel better.
I slipped the pearls back in my pocket.
“Let’s whup some Underworld
butt.”
We walked inside the DOA lobby.
Muzak played softly on hidden speakers.
The carpet and walls were steel
gray.
Pencil cactuses grew in the corners like skeleton hands.
The furniture
was black leather, and every seat was taken.
There were people sitting on
couches, people standing up, people staring out the windows or waiting for
the elevator.
Nobody moved, or talked, or did much of anything.
Out of the
corner of my eye, I could see them all just fine, but if I focused on any one of
them in particular, they started looking…transparent.
I could see right
through their bodies.
The security guard’s desk was a raised podium, so we had to look up at
him.
He was tall and elegant, with chocolate-colored skin and bleached-blond
hair shaved military style.
He wore tortoiseshell shades and a silk Italian suit
that matched his hair.
A black rose was pinned to his lapel under a silver
name tag.
I read the name tag, then looked at him in bewilderment.
“Your name is
Chiron?”
He leaned across the desk.
I couldn’t see anything in his glasses except
my own reflection, but his smile was sweet and cold, like a python’s, right
before it eats you.
“What a precious young lad.”
He had a strange accent—British, maybe,
but also as if he had learned English as a second language.
“Tell me, mate, do
I look like a centaur?”
“N-no.”
“Sir,” he added smoothly.
“Sir,” I said.
He pinched the name tag and ran his finger under the letters.
“Can you
read this, mate?
It says C-H-A-R-O-N.
Say it with me: CARE-ON.”
“Charon.”
“Amazing!
Now: Mr. Charon.”
“Mr. Charon,” I said.
“Well done.”
He sat back.
“I hate being confused with that old horseman.
And now, how may I help you little dead ones?”
His question caught in my stomach like a fastball.
I looked at Annabeth
for support.
“We want to go the Underworld,” she said.
Charon’s mouth twitched.
“Well, that’s refreshing.”
“It is?”
she asked.
“Straightforward and honest.
No screaming.
No ‘There must be a
mistake, Mr. Charon.’”
He looked us over.
“How did you die, then?”
I nudged Grover.
“Oh,” he said.
“Um…drowned…in the bathtub.”
“All three of you?”
Charon asked.
We nodded.
“Big bathtub.”
Charon looked mildly impressed.
“I don’t suppose you

have coins for passage.
Normally, with adults, you see, I could charge your
American Express, or add the ferry price to your last cable bill.
But with
children…alas, you never die prepared.
Suppose you’ll have to take a seat for
a few centuries.”
“Oh, but we have coins.”
I set three golden drachmas on the counter, part
of the stash I’d found in Crusty’s office desk.
“Well, now…” Charon moistened his lips.
“Real drachmas.
Real golden
drachmas.
I haven’t seen these in…”
His fingers hovered greedily over the coins.
We were so close.
Then Charon looked at me.
That cold stare behind his glasses seemed to
bore a hole through my chest.
“Here now,” he said.
“You couldn’t read my
name correctly.
Are you dyslexic, lad?”
“No,” I said.
“I’m dead.”
Charon leaned forward and took a sniff.
“You’re not dead.
I should’ve
known.
You’re a godling.”
“We have to get to the Underworld,” I insisted.
Charon made a growling sound deep in his throat.
Immediately, all the people in the waiting room got up and started pacing,
agitated, lighting cigarettes, running hands through their hair, or checking
their wristwatches.
“Leave while you can,” Charon told us.
“I’ll just take these and forget I
saw you.”
He started to go for the coins, but I snatched them back.
“No service, no tip.”
I tried to sound braver than I felt.
Charon growled again—a deep, blood-chilling sound.
The spirits of the

dead started pounding on the elevator doors.
“It’s a shame, too,” I sighed.
“We had more to offer.”
I held up the entire bag from Crusty’s stash.
I took out a fistful of
drachmas and let the coins spill through my fingers.
Charon’s growl changed into something more like a lion’s purr.
“Do you
think I can be bought, godling?
Eh…just out of curiosity, how much have
you got there?”
“A lot,” I said.
“I bet Hades doesn’t pay you well enough for such hard
work.”
“Oh, you don’t know the half of it.
How would you like to babysit these
spirits all day?
Always ‘Please don’t let me be dead’ or ‘Please let me across
for free.’
I haven’t had a pay raise in three thousand years.
Do you imagine
suits like this come cheap?”
“You deserve better,” I agreed.
“A little appreciation.
Respect.
Good
pay.”
With each word, I stacked another gold coin on the counter.
Charon glanced down at his silk Italian jacket, as if imagining himself in
something even better.
“I must say, lad, you’re making some sense now.
Just
a little.”
I stacked another few coins.
“I could mention a pay raise while I’m
talking to Hades.”
He sighed.
“The boat’s almost full, anyway.
I might as well add you three
and be off.”
He stood, scooped up our money, and said, “Come along.”
We pushed through the crowd of waiting spirits, who started grabbing at
our clothes like the wind, their voices whispering things I couldn’t make out.
Charon shoved them out of the way, grumbling, “Freeloaders.”
He escorted us into the elevator, which was already crowded with souls of
the dead, each one holding a green boarding pass.
Charon grabbed two spirits
who were trying to get on with us and pushed them back into the lobby.
“Right.
Now, no one get any ideas while I’m gone,” he announced to the
waiting room.
“And if anyone moves the dial off my easy-listening station
again, I’ll make sure you’re here for another thousand years.
Understand?”
He shut the doors.
He put a key card into a slot in the elevator panel and
we started to descend.
“What happens to the spirits waiting in the lobby?”
Annabeth asked.
“Nothing,” Charon said.
“For how long?”
“Forever, or until I’m feeling generous.”
“Oh,” she said.
“That’s…fair.”
Charon raised an eyebrow.
“Whoever said death was fair, young miss?
Wait until it’s your turn.
You’ll die soon enough, where you’re going.”
“We’ll get out alive,” I said.
“Ha.”
I got a sudden dizzy feeling.
We weren’t going down anymore, but
forward.
The air turned misty.
Spirits around me started changing shape.
Their modern clothes flickered, turning into gray hooded robes.
The floor of
the elevator began swaying.
I blinked hard.
When I opened my eyes, Charon’s creamy Italian suit had
been replaced by a long black robe.
His tortoiseshell glasses were gone.
Where his eyes should’ve been were empty sockets—like Ares’s eyes, except
Charon’s were totally dark, full of night and death and despair.
He saw me looking, and said, “Well?”
“Nothing,” I managed.
I thought he was grinning, but that wasn’t it.
The flesh of his face was
becoming transparent, letting me see straight through to his skull.
The floor kept swaying.
I asked Annabeth.
“The fast line must go straight to the Asphodel Fields,” she said.
“No
contest.
They don’t want to risk judgment from the court, because it might go
against them.”
“There’s a court for dead people?”
“Yeah.
Three judges.
They switch around who sits on the bench.
King
Minos, Thomas Jefferson, Shakespeare—people like that.
Sometimes they
look at a life and decide that person needs a special reward—the Fields of
Elysium.
Sometimes they decide on punishment.
But most people, well, they
just lived.
Nothing special, good or bad.
So they go to the Asphodel Fields.”
“Right,” Annabeth said.
I’d never heard her voice sound quite so small.
“A plan.”
We moved toward the monster.
The middle head snarled at us, then barked so loud my eyeballs rattled.
“Can you understand it?”
Annabeth said.
She started rifling through her pack.
Uh-oh, I thought.
Annabeth called again.
I was sure that any moment she would become the world’s largest
Milkbone dog biscuit.
But instead, Cerberus licked his three sets of lips, shifted on his haunches,

and sat, immediately crushing a dozen spirits who’d been passing underneath
him in the EZ DEATH line.
The spirits made muffled hisses as they dissipated,
like the air let out of tires.
Annabeth said, “Good boy!”
She threw Cerberus the ball.
He caught it in his middle mouth.
It was barely big enough for him to
chew, and the other heads started snapping at the middle, trying to get the
new toy.
“Drop it!”
Annabeth ordered.
Cerberus’s heads stopped fighting and looked at her.
The ball was
wedged between two of his teeth like a tiny piece of gum.
He made a loud,
scary whimper, then dropped the ball, now slimy and bitten nearly in half, at
Annabeth’s feet.
“Good boy.”
She picked up the ball, ignoring the monster spit all over it.
She turned toward us.
“Go now.
EZ DEATH line—it’s faster.”
I said, “But—”
“Now!”
She ordered, in the same tone she was using on the dog.
Grover and I inched forward warily.
Cerberus started to growl.
“Stay!”
Annabeth ordered the monster.
“If you want the ball, stay!”
Cerberus whimpered, but he stayed where he was.
“What about you?”
I asked Annabeth as we passed her.
“I know what I’m doing, Percy,” she muttered.
“At least, I’m pretty sure.
…”
Grover and I walked between the monster’s legs.
Please, Annabeth, I prayed.
Don’t tell him to sit again.
We made it through.
Cerberus wasn’t any less scary-looking from the
back.
Annabeth said, “Good dog!”
She held up the tattered red ball, and probably came to the same
conclusion I did—if she rewarded Cerberus, there’d be nothing left for
another trick.
She threw the ball anyway.
The monster’s left mouth immediately
snatched it up, only to be attacked by the middle head, while the right head
moaned in protest.
While the monster was distracted, Annabeth walked briskly under its
belly and joined us at the metal detector.
“How did you do that?”
I asked her, amazed.
“Obedience school,” she said breathlessly, and I was surprised to see
there were tears in her eyes.
“Good boy,” Annabeth said, but her voice sounded melancholy and
uncertain.
The monster’s heads turned sideways, as if worried about her.
“I’ll bring you another ball soon,” Annabeth promised faintly.
“Would

you like that?”
The monster whimpered.
I didn’t need to speak dog to know Cerberus
was still waiting for the ball.
“Good dog.
I’ll come visit you soon.
I—I promise.”
Annabeth turned to
us.
“Let’s go.”
Grover and I pushed through the metal detector, which immediately
screamed and set off flashing red lights.
“Unauthorized possessions!
Magic
detected!”
Cerberus started to bark.
We burst through the EZ DEATH gate, which started even more alarms
blaring, and raced into the Underworld.
A few minutes later, we were hiding, out of breath, in the rotten trunk of
an immense black tree as security ghouls scuttled past, yelling for backup
from the Furies.
I thought maybe Annabeth and I had both had
the right idea.
Even here in the Underworld, everybody—even monsters—
needed a little attention once in a while.
I thought about that as we waited for the ghouls to pass.
I pretended not to
see Annabeth wipe a tear from her cheek as she listened to the mournful
keening of Cerberus in the distance, longing for his new friend.
NINETEEN

WE FIND OUT THE TRUTH, SORT OF

Imagine the largest concert crowd you’ve ever seen, a football field packed
with a million fans.
Now imagine a field a million times that big, packed with people, and
imagine the electricity has gone out, and there is no noise, no light, no beach
ball bouncing around over the crowd.
Something tragic has happened
backstage.
Whispering masses of people are just milling around in the
shadows, waiting for a concert that will never start.
If you can picture that, you have a pretty good idea what the Fields of
Asphodel looked like.
The black grass had been trampled by eons of dead
feet.
A warm, moist wind blew like the breath of a swamp.
“That’s what it’s all about,” Annabeth said, like she was reading my
thoughts.
“That’s the place for heroes.”
But I thought of how few people there were in Elysium, how tiny it was
compared to the Fields of Asphodel or even the Fields of Punishment.
So few
people did good in their lives.
It was depressing.
We left the judgment pavilion and moved deeper into the Asphodel
Fields.
It got darker.
The colors faded from our clothes.
The crowds of
chattering spirits began to thin.
After a few miles of walking, we began to hear a familiar screech in the
distance.
Looming on the horizon was a palace of glittering black obsidian.
Above the parapets swirled three dark batlike creatures: the Furies.
I got the
feeling they were waiting for us.
His sneakers sprouted wings and his legs shot forward,
pulling him away from Annabeth.
He landed flat on his back in the grass.
“Grover,” Annabeth chided.
“Stop messing around.”
“But I didn’t—”
He yelped again.
His shoes were flapping like crazy now.
They levitated
off the ground and started dragging him away from us.
“Maia!”
he yelled, but the magic word seemed to have no effect.
“Maia,
already!
Nine-one-one!
Help!”
I got over being stunned and made a grab for Grover’s hand, but too late.
He was picking up speed, skidding downhill like a bobsled.
We ran after him.
Annabeth shouted, “Untie the shoes!”
It was a smart idea, but I guess it’s not so easy when your shoes are
pulling you along feetfirst at full speed.
Grover tried to sit up, but he couldn’t
get close to the laces.
We kept after him, trying to keep him in sight as he zipped between the
legs of spirits who chattered at him in annoyance.
Another few seconds, and Annabeth said, “Percy, this place—”
“Shh.”
I stood.
The sound was getting louder, a muttering, evil voice from far, far below
us.
Coming from the pit.
Grover sat up.
“Wh—what’s that noise?”
Annabeth heard it too, now.
I could see it in her eyes.
“Tartarus.
The
entrance to Tartarus.”
I uncapped Anaklusmos.
The bronze sword expanded, gleaming in the darkness, and the evil voice
seemed to falter, just for a moment, before resuming its chant.
I could almost make out words now, ancient, ancient words, older even
than Greek.
As if…
“Magic,” I said.
“We have to get out of here,” Annabeth said.
Together, we dragged Grover to his hooves and started back up the
tunnel.
My legs wouldn’t move fast enough.
My backpack weighed me
down.
The voice got louder and angrier behind us, and we broke into a run.
Not a moment too soon.
A cold blast of wind pulled at our backs, as if the entire pit were inhaling.
For a terrifying moment, I lost ground, my feet slipping in the gravel.
If we’d
been any closer to the edge, we would’ve been sucked in.
We kept struggling forward, and finally reached the top of the tunnel,
where the cavern widened out into the Fields of Asphodel.
The wind died.
A
wail of outrage echoed from deep in the tunnel.
Something was not happy
we’d gotten away.
“What was that?”
Grover panted, when we’d collapsed in the relative
safety of a black poplar grove.
“One of Hades’s pets?”
Annabeth and I looked at each other.
I could tell she was nursing an idea,
probably the same one she’d gotten during the taxi ride to L.A., but she was
too scared to share it.
That was enough to terrify me.
I capped my sword, put the pen back in my pocket.
“Let’s keep going.”
I
looked at Grover.
“Can you walk?”
He swallowed.
“Yeah, sure.
I never liked those shoes, anyway.”
He tried to sound brave about it, but he was trembling as badly as
Annabeth
and I were.
Whatever was in that pit was nobody’s pet.
It was
unspeakably old and powerful.
Even Echidna hadn’t given me that feeling.
I
was almost relieved to turn my back on that tunnel and head toward the
palace of Hades.
Almost.
The Furies circled the parapets, high in the gloom.
The outer walls of the
fortress glittered black, and the two-story-tall bronze gates stood wide open.
Up close, I saw that the engravings on the gates were scenes of death.
Some were from modern times—an atomic bomb exploding over a city, a
trench filled with gas mask– wearing soldiers, a line of African famine
victims waiting with empty bowls—but all of them looked as if they’d been

etched into the bronze thousands of years ago.
I wondered if I was looking at
prophecies that had come true.
Inside the courtyard was the strangest garden I’d ever seen.
Multicolored
mushrooms, poisonous shrubs, and weird luminous plants grew without
sunlight.
Precious jewels made up for the lack of flowers, piles of rubies as
big as my fist, clumps of raw diamonds.
Standing here and there like frozen
party guests were Medusa’s garden statues—petrified children, satyrs, and
centaurs—all smiling grotesquely.
In the center of the garden was an orchard of pomegranate trees, their
orange blooms neon bright in the dark.
“The garden of Persephone,”
Annabeth said.
“Keep walking.”
I understood why she wanted to move on.
The tart smell of those
pomegranates was almost overwhelming.
I had a sudden desire to eat them,
but then I remembered the story of Persephone.
One bite of Underworld food,
and we would never be able to leave.
“I guess that means entrez-vous,” Annabeth said.
The room inside looked just like in my dream, except this time the throne
of Hades was occupied.
He was the third god I’d met, but the first who really struck me as
godlike.
He was at least ten feet tall, for one thing, and dressed in black silk robes
and a crown of braided gold.
His skin was albino white, his hair shoulderlength and jet black.
He wasn’t bulked up like Ares, but he radiated power.
He lounged on his throne of fused human bones, looking lithe, graceful, and
dangerous as a panther.
I immediately felt like he should be giving the orders.
He knew more than
I did.
He should be my master.
Then I told myself to snap out of it.
Hades’s aura was affecting me, just as Ares’s had.
The Lord of the Dead
resembled pictures I’d seen of Adolph Hitler, or Napoleon, or the terrorist
leaders who direct suicide bombers.
Hades had the same intense eyes, the
same kind of mesmerizing, evil charisma.
“You are brave to come here, Son of Poseidon,” he said in an oily voice.
“After what you have done to me, very brave indeed.
Or perhaps you are
simply very foolish.”
Numbness crept into my joints, tempting me to lie down and just take a
little nap at Hades’s feet.
Curl up here and sleep forever.
I fought the feeling and stepped forward.
I knew what I had to say.
“Lord
and Uncle, I come with two requests.”
Hades raised an eyebrow.
When he sat forward in his throne, shadowy
faces appeared in the folds of his black robes, faces of torment, as if the
garment were stitched of trapped souls from the Fields of Punishment, trying
to get out.
The ADHD part of me wondered, off-task, whether the rest of his
clothes were made the same way.
What horrible things would you have to do
in your life to get woven into Hades’s underwear?
“Only two requests?”
Hades said.
“Arrogant child.
As if you have not
already taken enough.
Speak, then.
It amuses me not to strike you dead yet.”
I swallowed.
This was going about as well as I’d feared.
I glanced at the empty, smaller throne next to Hades’s.
It was shaped like
a black flower, gilded with gold.
I wished Queen Persephone were here.
I
recalled something in the myths about how she could calm her husband’s
moods.
But it was summer.
Of course, Persephone would be above in the
world of light with her mother, the goddess of agriculture, Demeter.
Her
visits, not the tilt of the planet, create the seasons.
Annabeth cleared her throat.
Her finger prodded me in the back.
“Lord Hades,” I said.
“Look, sir, there can’t be a war among the gods.
It
would be…bad.”
“Really bad,” Grover added helpfully.
“Return Zeus’s master bolt to me,” I said.
“Please, sir.
Let me carry it to
Olympus.”

Hades’s eyes grew dangerously bright.
“You dare keep up this pretense,
after what you have done?”
I glanced back at my friends.
They looked as confused as I was.
“Um…Uncle,” I said.
“You keep saying ‘after what you’ve done.’
What
exactly have I done?”
The throne room shook with a tremor so strong, they probably felt it
upstairs in Los Angeles.
Debris fell from the cavern ceiling.
Doors burst open
all along the walls, and skeletal warriors marched in, hundreds of them, from
every time period and nation in Western civilization.
They lined the perimeter
of the room, blocking the exits.
Hades bellowed, “Do you think I want war, godling?”
I wanted to say, Well, these guys don’t look like peace activists.
But I
thought that might be a dangerous answer.
“You are the Lord of the Dead,” I said carefully.
“A war would expand
your kingdom, right?”
“A typical thing for my brothers to say!
Do you think I need more
subjects?
Did you not see the sprawl of the Asphodel Fields?”
“Well…”
“Have you any idea how much my kingdom has swollen in this past
century alone, how many subdivisions I’ve had to open?”
I opened my mouth to respond, but Hades was on a roll now.
“More security ghouls,” he moaned.
“Traffic problems at the judgment
pavilion.
Double overtime for the staff.
I used to be a rich god, Percy
Jackson.
I control all the precious metals under the earth.
But my expenses!”
“Charon wants a pay raise,” I blurted, just remembering the fact.
As soon
as I said it, I wished I could sew up my mouth.
“Don’t get me started on Charon!”
Hades yelled.
“He’s been impossible
ever since he discovered Italian suits!
Problems everywhere, and I’ve got to
handle all of them personally.
The commute time alone from the palace to the
gates is enough to drive me insane!
And the dead just keep arriving.
No,
godling.
I need no help getting subjects!
I did not ask for this war.”
“Percy,” Annabeth said.
“How—”
“I—I don’t know.
I don’t understand.”
“You heroes are always the same,” Hades said.
“Your pride makes you
foolish, thinking you could bring such a weapon before me.
“I’m staying behind.”
“Think again, goat boy,” Annabeth said.
“Stop it, both of you!”
I felt like my heart was being ripped in two.
They
had both been with me through so much.
I remembered Grover dive-bombing
Medusa in the statue garden, and Annabeth saving us from Cerberus; we’d
survived Hephaestus’s Waterland ride, the St. Louis Arch, the Lotus Casino.
I
had spent thousands of miles worried that I’d be betrayed by a friend, but
these friends would never do that.
They had done nothing but save me, over
and over, and now they wanted to sacrifice their lives for my mom.
“I know what to do,” I said.
“Take these.”
I handed them each a pearl.
Annabeth said, “But, Percy…”
I turned and faced my mother.
I desperately wanted to sacrifice myself
and use the last pearl on her, but I knew what she would say.
She would
never allow it.
“I don’t believe it,” Annabeth said.
“We went all that way—”
“It was a trick,” I said.
“A strategy worthy of Athena.”

“Hey,” she warned.
“You get it, don’t you?”
She dropped her eyes, her anger fading.
“Yeah.
I get it.”
“Well, I don’t!”
“Would somebody—”
“Percy…” Annabeth said.
“I’m sorry about your mother.
I’m so sorry.…”
I pretended not to hear her.
If I talked about my mother, I was going to
start crying like a little kid.
“The prophecy was right,” I said.
“‘You shall go west and face the god
who has turned.’
But it wasn’t Hades.
Hades didn’t want war among the Big
Three.
Someone else pulled off the theft.
…
I exchanged nervous looks with Annabeth.
Ares’s face cleared.
“I didn’t want the trouble.
Better to have you caught
redhanded, holding the thing.”
“You’re lying,” I said.
“Sending the bolt to the Underworld wasn’t your
idea, was it?”
“Of course it was!”
Smoke drifted up from his sunglasses, as if they were
about to catch fire.
“You didn’t order the theft,” I guessed.
“Someone else sent a hero to steal
the two items.
Annabeth said, “Percy, run!”
The giant boar charged.
But I was done running from monsters.
Or Hades, or Ares, or anybody.
As the boar rushed me, I uncapped my pen and sidestepped.
Riptide
appeared in my hands.
I slashed upward.
The boar’s severed right tusk fell at
my feet, while the disoriented animal charged into the sea.
I shouted, “Wave!”
Immediately, a wave surged up from nowhere and engulfed the boar,
wrapping around it like a blanket.
The beast squealed once in terror.
Then it
was gone, swallowed by the sea.
I turned back to Ares.
“Are you going to fight me now?”
I asked.
“Or are
you going to hide behind another pet pig?”
Ares’s face was purple with rage.
“Watch it, kid.
I could turn you into—”
“A cockroach,” I said.
“Or a tapeworm.
Yeah, I’m sure.
That’d save you

from getting your godly hide whipped, wouldn’t it?”
Flames danced along the top of his glasses.
“Oh, man, you are really
asking to be smashed into a grease spot.”
“If I lose, turn me into anything you want.
Take the bolt.
If I win, the
helm and the bolt are mine and you have to go away.”
Ares sneered.
He swung the baseball bat off his shoulder.
“How would you like to get
smashed: classic or modern?”
I showed him my sword.
“That’s cool, dead boy,” he said.
“Classic it is.”
The baseball bat changed
into a huge, two-handed sword.
The hilt was a large silver skull with a ruby
in its mouth.
“Percy,” Annabeth said.
“Don’t do this.
He’s a god.”
“He’s a coward,” I told her.
She swallowed.
“Wear this, at least.
For luck.”
She took off her necklace, with her five years’ worth of camp beads and
the ring from her father, and tied it around my neck.
“Reconciliation,” she said.
I thought back to what Annabeth had
said at the Denver diner, so long ago: Ares has strength.
That’s all he has.
Even strength has to bow to wisdom sometimes.
He cleaved downward at my head, but I wasn’t there.
My body thought for me.
The water seemed to push me into the air and I
catapulted over him, slashing as I came down.
But Ares was just as quick.
He
twisted, and the strike that should’ve caught him directly in the spine was
deflected off the end of his sword hilt.
He grinned.
“Not bad, not bad.”
He slashed again and I was forced to jump onto dry land.
I tried to
sidestep, to get back to the water, but Ares seemed to know what I wanted.
He outmaneuvered me, pressing so hard I had to put all my concentration on
not getting sliced into pieces.
I kept backing away from the surf.
I couldn’t
find any openings to attack.
His sword had a reach several feet longer than
Anaklusmos.
I now understood what Annabeth had
said about ADHD keeping you alive in battle.
I was wide awake, noticing
every little detail.
I could see where Ares was tensing.
I could tell which way he would
strike.
At the same time, I was aware of Annabeth and Grover, thirty feet to
my left.
I saw a second cop car pulling up, siren wailing.
Spectators, people
who had been wandering the streets because of the earthquake, were starting
to gather.
Among the crowd, I thought I saw a few who were walking with
the strange, trotting gait of disguised satyrs.
There were shimmering forms of
spirits, too, as if the dead had risen from Hades to watch the battle.
I heard
the flap of leathery wings circling somewhere above.
More sirens.
I stepped farther into the water, but Ares was fast.
The tip of his blade

ripped my sleeve and grazed my forearm.
A police voice on a megaphone said, “Drop the guns!
Set them on the
ground.
Now!”
Guns?
I looked at Ares’s weapon, and it seemed to be flickering; sometimes it
looked like a shotgun, sometimes a two-handed sword.
I didn’t know what
the humans were seeing in my hands, but I was pretty sure it wouldn’t make
them like me.
Ares turned to glare at our spectators, which gave me a moment to
breathe.
There were five police cars now, and a line of officers crouching
behind them, pistols trained on us.
“This is a private matter!”
Ares bellowed.
“Be gone!”
He swept his hand, and a wall of red flame rolled across the patrol cars.
The police barely had time to dive for cover before their vehicles exploded.
The crowd behind them scattered, screaming.
Ares roared with laughter.
“Now, little hero.
Let’s add you to the
barbecue.”
He slashed.
I deflected his blade.
I got close enough to strike, tried to fake
him out with a feint, but my blow was knocked aside.
The waves were hitting
me in the back now.
Ares was up to his thighs, wading in after me.
I felt the rhythm of the sea, the waves growing larger as the tide rolled in,
and suddenly I had an idea.
Little waves, I thought.
And the water behind me
seemed to recede.
I was holding back the tide by force of will, but tension
was building, like carbonation behind a cork.
Ares came forward, grinning confidently.
I lowered my blade, as if I were
too exhausted to go on.
Wait for it, I told the sea.
The pressure now was
almost lifting me off my feet.
Ares raised his sword.
I released the tide and

jumped, rocketing straight over Ares on a wave.
A six-foot wall of water smashed him full in the face, leaving him cursing
and sputtering with a mouth full of seaweed.
I landed behind him with a
splash and feinted toward his head, as I’d done before.
He turned in time to
raise his sword, but this time he was disoriented, he didn’t anticipate the
trick.
I changed direction, lunged to the side, and stabbed Riptide straight
down into the water, sending the point through the god’s heel.
The roar that followed made Hades’s earthquake look like a minor event.
The very sea was blasted back from Ares, leaving a wet circle of sand fifty
feet wide.
Ichor, the golden blood of the gods, flowed from a gash in the war god’s
boot.
The expression on his face was beyond hatred.
It was pain, shock,
complete disbelief that he’d been wounded.
He limped toward me, muttering ancient Greek curses.
Something stopped him.
It was as if a cloud covered the sun, but worse.
Light faded.
Sound and
color drained away.
A cold, heavy presence passed over the beach, slowing
time, dropping the temperature to freezing, and making me feel like life was
hopeless, fighting was useless.
The darkness lifted.
Ares looked stunned.
Police cars were burning behind us.
The crowd of spectators had fled.
I joined Grover and Annabeth, who were staring at me in amazement.
“That was so incredibly…”
“Terrifying,” said Annabeth.
“Cool!”
Grover corrected.
I didn’t feel
terrified.
I certainly didn’t feel cool.
I was tired and sore and completely
drained of energy.
“Did you guys feel that…whatever it was?”
I asked.
They
both nodded uneasily.
“By tonight.”
“That’s impossible,” Annabeth said, “unless we—”
“Fly,” I agreed.
She stared at me.
The local press was waiting for us
outside security, but we managed to evade them thanks to Annabeth, who
lured them away in her invisible Yankees cap, shouting, “They’re over by the
frozen yogurt!
Come on!,” then rejoined us at baggage claim.
We split up at the taxi stand.
Annabeth’s shroud was so beautiful—gray silk with embroidered owls—I
told her it seemed a shame not to bury her in it.
She punched me and told me
to shut up.
According to
Annabeth, who’d seen the show before, the blasts would be sequenced so
tightly they’d look like frames of animation across the sky.
The finale was
supposed to be a couple of hundred-foot-tall Spartan warriors who would
crackle to life above the ocean, fight a battle, then explode into a million
colors.
“I wish you could come
with me, guys, but humans and Pan…”

“We understand,” Annabeth said.
“You got enough tin cans for the trip?”
“Yeah.”
“And you remembered your reed pipes?”
“Jeez, Annabeth,” he grumbled.
“You’re like an old mama goat.”
But he didn’t really sound annoyed.
He gripped his walking stick and slung a backpack over his shoulder.
He
looked like any hitchhiker you might see on an American highway—nothing
like the little runty boy I used to defend from bullies at Yancy Academy.
“Well,” he said, “wish me luck.”
He gave Annabeth another hug.
He clapped me on the shoulder, then
headed back through the dunes.
Fireworks exploded to life overhead: Hercules killing the Nemean lion,
Artemis chasing the boar, George Washington (who, by the way, was a son
of Athena) crossing the Delaware.
“Hey, Grover,” I called.
He turned at the edge of the woods.
“Wherever you’re going—I hope they make good enchiladas.”
Grover grinned, and then he was gone, the trees closing around him.
“We’ll see him again,” Annabeth said.
I tried to believe it.
The fact that no searcher had ever come back in two
thousand years…well, I decided not to think about that.
Grover would be the
first.
He had to be.
July passed.
I spent my days devising new strategies for capture-the-flag and making

alliances with the other cabins to keep the banner out of Ares’s hands.
I got to
the top of the climbing wall for the first time without getting scorched by
lava.
From time to time, I’d walk past the Big House, glance up at the attic
windows, and think about the Oracle.
I tried to convince myself that its
prophecy had come to completion.
You shall go west, and face the god who has turned.
Been there, done that—even though the traitor god had turned out to be
Ares rather than Hades.
You shall find what was stolen, and see it safe returned.
Check.
One master bolt delivered.
One helm of darkness back on Hades’s
oily head.
You shall be betrayed by one who calls you a friend.
This line still bothered me.
Ares had pretended to be my friend, then
betrayed me.
That must be what the Oracle meant.
…
And you shall fail to save what matters most, in the end.
I had failed to save my mom, but only because I’d let her save herself,
and I knew that was the right thing.
So why was I still uneasy?
The last night of the summer session came all too quickly.
The campers had one last meal together.
We burned part of our dinner for
the gods.
At the bonfire, the senior counselors awarded the end-of-summer
beads.
I got my own leather necklace, and when I saw the bead for my first
summer, I was glad the firelight covered my blushing.
The design was pitch

black, with a sea-green trident shimmering in the center.
Athena’s cabin steered Annabeth to the front so she could
share in the applause.
I’m not sure I’d ever felt as happy or sad as I did at that moment.
I’d
finally found a family, people who cared about me and thought I’d done
something right.
And in the morning, most of them would be leaving for the
year.
The next morning, I found a form letter on my bedside table.
I knew
Dionysus must’ve filled it out, because he stubbornly insisted on getting my
name wrong:
Dear Peter Johnson ,
If you intend to stay at Camp Half-Blood year-round, you must
inform the Big House by noon today.
If you do not announce your
intentions, we will assume you have vacated your cabin or died a
horrible death.
Cleaning harpies will begin work at sundown.
They
will be authorized to eat any unregistered campers.
All personal
articles left behind will be incinerated in the lava pit.
Have a nice day!
Mr. D (Dionysus)
Camp Director, Olympian Council #12

That’s another thing about ADHD.
Deadlines just aren’t real to me until
I’m staring one in the face.
Summer was over, and I still hadn’t answered my
mother, or the camp, about whether I’d be staying.
Now I had only a few
hours to decide.
The decision should have been easy.
I mean, nine months of hero training
or nine months of sitting in a classroom—duh.
But there was my mom to consider.
For the first time, I had the chance to
live with her for a whole year, without Gabe.
I had a chance be at home and
knock around the city in my free time.
I remembered what Annabeth had said
so long ago on our quest: The real world is where the monsters are.
That’s
where you learn whether you’re any good or not.
“You idiot,” Annabeth said, which is how I knew she was overjoyed to
see me conscious.
“You were green and turning gray when we found you.
If
it weren’t for Chiron’s healing…”
“Now, now,” Chiron’s voice said.
“Percy’s constitution deserves some of
the credit.”
He was sitting near the foot of my bed in human form, which was why I

hadn’t noticed him yet.
His lower half was magically compacted into the
wheelchair, his upper half dressed in a coat and tie.
He smiled, but his face
looked weary and pale, the way it did when he’d been up all night grading
Latin papers.
“How are you feeling?”
he asked.
“Like my insides have been frozen, then microwaved.”
“Apt, considering that was pit scorpion venom.
Now you must tell me, if
you can, exactly what happened.”
Between sips of nectar, I told them the story.
The room was quiet for a long time.
And Annabeth?”
Chiron glanced nervously at the ceiling.
“Percy, it isn’t my place—”

“You’ve been ordered not to talk to me about it, haven’t you?”
His eyes were sympathetic, but sad.
“You will be a great hero, child.
I
will do my best to prepare you.
But if I’m right about the path ahead of
you…”
Thunder boomed overhead, rattling the windows.
“All right!”
Chiron shouted.
“Fine!”
He sighed in frustration.
“The gods have their reasons, Percy.
Knowing
too much of your future is never a good thing.”
“We can’t just sit back and do nothing,” I said.
“We will not sit back,” Chiron promised.
“But you must be careful.
Kronos wants you to come unraveled.
He wants your life disrupted, your
thoughts clouded with fear and anger.
Do not give him what he wants.
Train
patiently.
Your time will come.”
“Assuming I live that long.”
Chiron put his hand on my ankle.
“You’ll have to trust me, Percy.
You
will live.
But first you must decide your path for the coming year.
I cannot
tell you the right choice.…” I got the feeling that he had a very definite
opinion, and it was taking all his willpower not to advise me.
“But you must
decide whether to stay at Camp Half-Blood year-round, or return to the
mortal world for seventh grade and be a summer camper.
Think on that.
When I get back from Olympus, you must tell me your decision.”
I wanted to protest.
I wanted to ask him more questions.
But his
expression told me there could be no more discussion; he had said as much as
he could.
“I’ll be back as soon as I can,” Chiron promised.
“Argus will watch over
you.”
He glanced at Annabeth.
“Oh, and, my dear…whenever you’re ready,
they’re here.”
“Who’s here?”
I asked.
Nobody answered.
Chiron rolled himself out of the room.
I heard the wheels of his chair
clunk carefully down the front steps, two at a time.
Annabeth studied the ice in my drink.
“What’s wrong?”
I asked her.
“Nothing.”
She set the glass on the table.
“I…just took your advice about
something.
You…um…need anything?”
“Yeah.
Help me up.
I want to go outside.”
“Percy, that isn’t a good idea.”
I slid my legs out of bed.
Annabeth caught me before I could crumple to
the floor.
A wave of nausea rolled over me.
Annabeth said, “I told you…”
“I’m fine,” I insisted.
“I wrote him a letter when we got back,” Annabeth said.
“Just like you
suggested.
I told him…I was sorry.
I’d come home for the school year if he
still wanted me.
He wrote back immediately.
We decided…we’d give it
another try.”
“That took guts.”
She pursed her lips.
“You won’t try anything stupid during the school
year, will you?
At least…not without sending me an Iris-message?”
I managed a smile.
“I won’t go looking for trouble.
I usually don’t have
to.”
“Take care, Seaweed Brain,” Annabeth told me.
“Keep your eyes open.”
“You too, Wise Girl.”
I watched her walk up the hill and join her family.
She gave her father an
awkward hug and looked back at the valley one last time.
She touched
Thalia’s pine tree, then allowed herself to be led over the crest and into the
mortal world.
For the first time at camp, I felt truly alone.
I looked out at Long Island
Sound and I remembered my father saying, The sea does not like to be
restrained.
I made my decision.
He’d gone on this
adventure with me and a girl named Annabeth to save the world, but I hadn’t

seen him since last July, when he set off alone on a dangerous quest—a quest
no satyr had ever returned from.
I never could, Annabeth.”
I inhaled so sharply, I was afraid they would hear me.
A scab was ripped
off my brain, exposing raw memories from when I was six years old.
Annabeth.
Which meant the sandy-haired man was…Uncle Frederick?
I flashed back to the last family Thanksgiving we’d shared:
Annabeth and
me hiding in the library at Uncle Randolph’s town house, playing with
dominoes while the adults yelled at each other downstairs.
You’re lucky you live with your momma.
Annabeth stacked another
domino on her miniature building.
It was amazingly good, with columns in
front like a temple.
I’m going to run away.
I had no doubt she meant it.
I was in awe of her confidence.
Then Uncle Frederick appeared in the doorway.
His fists were clenched.
His grim expression was at odds with the smiling reindeer on his sweater.
Annabeth, we’re leaving.
Annabeth looked at me.
Her gray eyes were a little too fierce for a first
grader’s.
Be safe, Magnus.
With a flick of her finger, she knocked over her domino temple.
That was the last time I’d seen her.
Afterward, my mom had been adamant: We’re staying away from your
uncles.
Especially Randolph.
I won’t give him what he wants.
Ever.
She wouldn’t explain what Randolph wanted, or what she and Frederick
and Randolph had argued about.
You have to trust me, Magnus.
Being around them…it’s too dangerous.
I trusted my mom.
Even after her death, I hadn’t had any contact with my
relatives.
Now, suddenly, they were looking for me.
Randolph lived in town, but as far as I knew, Frederick and Annabeth still
lived in Virginia.
Yet here they were, passing out flyers with my name and
photo on them.
Where had they even gotten a photo of me?
My head buzzed so badly, I missed some of their conversation.
“—to find Magnus,” Uncle Frederick was saying.
He checked his
smartphone.
“Randolph is at the city shelter in the South End.
He says no
luck.
We should try the youth shelter across the park.”
“How do we even know Magnus is alive?”
Annabeth asked miserably.
“Missing for two years?
He could be frozen in a ditch somewhere!”
Part of me was tempted to jump out of my hiding place and shout, TADA!
Even though it had been ten years since I’d seen Annabeth, I didn’t like
seeing her distressed.
But after so long on the streets, I’d learned the hard
way: you never walk into a situation until you understand what’s going on.
“Randolph is sure,” said Uncle Frederick.
“Magnus is alive.
He’s
somewhere in Boston.
If his life is truly in danger…”
They set off toward Charles Street, their voices carried away by the wind.
I was shivering now, but it wasn’t from the cold.
I wanted to run after
Frederick, tackle him, and demand what was going on.
How did Randolph
know I was still in town?
Why were they looking for me?
How was my life
in danger now more than on any other day?
But I didn’t follow them.
I remembered the last thing my mom ever told me.
I’d been reluctant to
use the fire escape, reluctant to leave her, but she’d gripped my arms and

made me look at her.
Magnus, run.
Hide.
Don’t trust anyone.
I’ll find you.
Whatever you do, don’t go to Randolph for help.
Then, before I’d made it out the window, the door of our apartment had
burst into splinters.
Two pairs of glowing blue eyes had emerged from the
darkness….
I shook off the memory and watched Uncle Frederick and Annabeth walk
away, veering east toward the Common.
Uncle Randolph…for some reason, he’d contacted Frederick and
Annabeth.
He’d gotten them to Boston.
All this time, Frederick and Annabeth
hadn’t known that my mom was dead and I was missing.
It seemed
impossible, but if it were true, why would Randolph tell them about it now?
Without confronting him directly, I could think of only one way to get
answers.
His town house was in Back Bay, an easy walk from here.
According to Frederick, Randolph wasn’t home.
He was somewhere in the
South End, looking for me.
Since nothing started a day better than a little breaking and entering, I
decided to pay his place a visit.
About the Author

RICK RIORDAN is the author of the New York Times #1 best-selling Percy
Jackson and the Olympians series—Book One: The Lightning Thief; Book
Two: The Sea of Monsters; Book Three: The Titan’s Curse; Book Four: The
Battle of the Labyrinth; and Book Five: The Last Olympian.
He also penned
the New York Times #1 best-selling The Lost Hero, The Son of Neptune, The
Mark of Athena, and The House of Hades, the first four books in his Heroes
of Olympus series.
The three books in his Kane Chronicles, based on
Egyptian mythology, The Red Pyramid, The Throne of Fire, and The
Serpent’s Shadow, were New York Times best sellers as well.
Rick lives in
Boston, Massachusetts, with his wife and two sons.
To learn more about him,
visit his Web site at www.rickriordan.com.
He’d gone on this adventure with me and a girl
named Annabeth to save the world, but I hadn’t seen him since last July, when he set off alone on a
dangerous quest-a quest no satyr had ever returned from.
See, Annabeth wants to be
an architect when she grows up, so she’s always visiting famous monuments and stuff.
She’s weird
that way.
She’d e-mailed me the picture after spring break, and every once in a while I’d look at it

just to remind myself she was real and Camp Half-Blood hadn’t just been my imagination.
I wished Annabeth were here.
She’d know what to make of my dream.
I’d never admit it to her,
but she was smarter than me, even if she was annoying sometimes.
I was about to close my notebook when Matt Sloan reached over and ripped the photo out of the
rings.
“Hey!”
I protested.
Sloan checked out the picture and his eyes got wide.
“No way, Jackson.
Who is that?
She is not
your-“
“Give it back!”
My ears felt hot.
Sloan handed the photo to his ugly buddies, who snickered and started ripping it up to make spit
wads.
They were new kids who must’ve been visiting, because they were all wearing those stupid
HI!
MY NAME IS: tags from the admissions office.
They must’ve had a weird sense of humor, too,
because they’d all filled in strange names like: MARROW SUCKER, SKULL EATER, and JOE
BOB.
No human beings had names like that.
“These guys are moving here next year,” Sloan bragged, like that was supposed to scare me.
“I
bet they can pay the tuition, too, unlike your retard friend.”
“He’s not retarded.”
I had to try really, really hard not to punch Sloan in the face.
“You’re such a loser, Jackson.
Good thing I’m gonna put you out of your misery next period.”
His huge buddies chewed up my photo.
I wanted to pulverize them, but I was under strict orders
from Chiron never to take my anger out on regular mortals, no matter how obnoxious they were.
I had
to save my fighting for monsters.
Still, part of me thought, if Sloan only knew who I really was …
The bell rang.
As Tyson
and I were leaving class, a girl’s voice whispered, “Percy!”
I looked around the locker area, but nobody was paying me any attention.
Like any girl at
Meriwether would ever be caught dead calling my name.
Before I had time to consider whether or not I’d been imagining things, a crowd of kids rushed for
the gym, carrying Tyson and me along with them.
It was time for PE.
Our coach had promised us a
free-for-all dodgeball game, and Matt Sloan had promised to kill me.
The gym uniform at Meriwether is sky blue shorts and tie-dyed T-shirts.
Fortunately, we did most
of our athletic stuff inside, so we didn’t have to jog through Tribeca looking like a bunch of bootcamp hippie children.
I changed as quickly as I could in the locker room because I didn’t want to deal with Sloan.
I was
about to leave when Tyson called, “Percy?”
He hadn’t changed yet.
He was standing by the weight room door, clutching his gym clothes.
“Will you … uh …”
“Oh.
Yeah.”
I tried not to sound aggravated about it.
“Yeah, sure, man.”
Tyson ducked inside the weight room.
I stood guard outside the door while he changed.
I felt kind
of awkward doing this, but he asked me to most days.
I think it’s because he’s completely hairy and
he’s got weird scars on his back that I’ve never had the courage to ask him about.
Anyway, I’d learned the hard way that if people teased Tyson while he was dressing out, he’d get
upset and start ripping the doors off lockers.
When we got into the gym, Coach Nunley was sitting at his little desk reading Sports Illustrated.
Nunley was about a million years old, with bifocals and no teeth and a greasy wave of gray hair.
He
reminded me of the Oracle at Camp Half-Blood-which was a shriveled-up mummy-except Coach

Nunley moved a lot less and he never billowed green smoke.
Well, at least not that I’d observed.
Matt Sloan said, “Coach, can I be captain?”
“Eh?”
Coach Nunley looked up from his magazine.
“Yeah,” he mumbled.
“Mm-hmm.”
Sloan grinned and took charge of the picking.
He made me the other team’s captain, but it didn’t
matter who I picked, because all the jocks and the popular kids moved over to Sloan’s side.
So did
the big group of visitors.
On my side I had Tyson, Corey Bailer the computer geek, Raj Mandali the calculus whiz, and a
half dozen other kids who always got harassed by Sloan and his gang.
Normally I would’ve been
okay with just Tyson-he was worth half a team all by himself-but the visitors on Sloan’s team were
almost as tall and strong-looking as Tyson, and there were six of them.
Matt Sloan spilled a cage full of balls in the middle of the gym.
“Scared,” Tyson mumbled.
“Smell funny.”
I looked at him.
“What smells funny?”
Because I didn’t figure he was talking about himself.
“Them.”
Tyson pointed at Sloan’s new friends.
“Smell funny.”
The visitors were cracking their knuckles, eyeing us like it was slaughter time.
I couldn’t help
wondering where they were from.
Someplace where they fed kids raw meat and beat them with
sticks.
Sloan blew the coach’s whistle and the game began.
Sloan’s team ran for the center line.
On my
side, Raj Mandali yelled something in Urdu, probably “I have to go potty!” and ran for the exit.
Corey
Bailer tried to crawl behind the wall mat and hide.
The rest of my team did their best to cower in fear
and not look like targets.
“Tyson,” I said.
“Let’s g-“
A ball slammed into my gut.
I sat down hard in the middle of the gym floor.
The other team
exploded in laughter.
My eyesight was fuzzy.
I felt like I’d just gotten the Heimlich maneuver from a gorilla.
I couldn’t
believe anybody could throw that hard.
Tyson yelled, “Percy, duck!”
I rolled as another dodgeball whistled past my ear at the speed of sound.
Whooom!
It hit the wall mat, and Corey Bailer yelped.
“Hey!”
I yelled at Sloan’s team.
“You could kill somebody!”
The visitor named Joe Bob grinned at me evilly.
Somehow, he looked a lot bigger now … even
taller than Tyson.
His biceps bulged beneath his T-shirt.
“I hope so, Perseus Jackson!
I hope so!”
The way he said my name sent a chill down my back.
Nobody called me Perseus except those
who knew my true identity.
Friends … and enemies.
What had Tyson said?
They smell funny.
Monsters.
All around Matt Sloan, the visitors were growing in size.
They were no longer kids.
They were
eight-foot-tall giants with wild eyes, pointy teeth, and hairy arms tattooed with snakes and hula
women and Valentine hearts.
Matt Sloan dropped his ball.
“Whoa!
You’re not from Detroit!
Who …”
The other kids on his team started screaming and backing toward the exit, but the giant named
Marrow Sucker threw a ball with deadly accuracy.
It streaked past Raj Mandali just as he was about
to leave and hit the door, slamming it shut like magic.
Raj and some of the other kids banged on it
desperately
but it wouldn’t budge.
“Let them go!”
I yelled at the giants.
The one called Joe Bob growled at me.
He had a tattoo on his biceps that said: JB luvs
Babycakes.
“And lose our tasty morsels?
No, Son of the Sea God.
We Laistrygonians aren’t just
playing for your death.
We want lunch!”
He waved his hand and a new batch of dodgeballs appeared on the center line-but these balls
weren’t made of red rubber.
They were bronze, the size of cannon balls, perforated like wiffle balls
with fire bubbling out the holes.
They must’ve been searing hot, but the giants picked them up with
their bare hands.
“Coach!”
I yelled.
Nunley looked up sleepily, but if he saw anything abnormal about the dodgeball game, he didn’t
let on.
That’s the problem with mortals.
A magical force called the Mist obscures the true appearance
of monsters and gods from their vision, so mortals tend to see only what they can understand.
Maybe
the coach saw a few eighth graders pounding the younger kids like usual.
Maybe the other kids saw
Matt Sloan’s thugs getting ready to toss Molotov cocktails around.
(It wouldn’t have been the first
time.)
At any rate, I was pretty sure nobody else realized we were dealing with genuine man-eating
bloodthirsty monsters.
“Yeah.
Mm-hmm,” Coach muttered.
“Play nice.”
And he went back to his magazine.
The giant named Skull Eater threw his ball.
I dove aside as the fiery bronze comet sailed past my
shoulder.
“Corey!”
I screamed.
Tyson pulled him out from behind the exercise mat just as the ball exploded against it, blasting the
mat to smoking shreds.
“Run!”
I told my teammates.
“The other exit!”
They ran for the locker room, but with another wave of Joe Bob’s hand, that door also slammed
shut.
“No one leaves unless you’re out!”
Joe Bob roared.
“And you’re not out until we eat you!”
He launched his own fireball.
My teammates scattered as it blasted a crater in the gym floor.
I reached for Riptide, which I always kept in my pocket, but then I realized I was wearing gym
shorts.
I had no pockets.
Riptide was tucked in my jeans inside my gym locker.
And the locker room
door was sealed.
I was completely defenseless.
Another fireball came streaking toward me.
Tyson pushed me out of the way, but the explosion
still blew me head over heels.
I found myself sprawled on the gym floor, dazed from smoke, my tiedyed T-shirt peppered with sizzling holes.
Just across the center line, two hungry giants were glaring
down at me.
“Flesh!” they bellowed.
“Hero flesh for lunch!”
They both took aim.
“Percy needs help!”
Tyson yelled, and he jumped in front of me just as they threw their balls.
“Tyson!”
I screamed, but it was too late.
Both balls slammed into him … but no … he’d caught them.
Somehow Tyson, who was so clumsy
he knocked over lab equipment and broke playground structures on a regular basis, had caught two
fiery metal balls speeding toward him at a zillion miles an hour.
He sent them hurtling back toward
their surprised owners, who screamed, “BAAAAAD!”
as the bronze spheres exploded against their
chests.
The giants disintegrated in twin columns of flame-a sure sign they were monsters, all right.
Monsters don’t die.
They just dissipate into smoke and dust, which saves heroes a lot of trouble

cleaning up after a fight.
“My brothers!”
Joe Bob the Cannibal wailed.
He flexed his muscles and his Babycakes tattoo
rippled.
“You will pay for their destruction!”
“Tyson!”
I said.
“Look out!”
Another comet hurtled toward us.
Tyson just had time to swat it aside.
It flew straight over Coach
Nunley’s head and landed in the bleachers with a huge KA-BOOM!
Kids were running around screaming, trying to avoid the sizzling craters in the floor.
Others were
banging on the door, calling for help.
Sloan himself stood petrified in the middle of the court,
watching in disbelief as balls of death flew around him.
Coach Nunley still wasn’t seeing anything.
He tapped his hearing aid like the explosions were
giving him interference, but he kept his eyes on his magazine.
Surely the whole school could hear the noise.
The headmaster, the police, somebody would come
help us.
“Victory will be ours!” roared Joe Bob the Cannibal.
“We will feast on your bones!”
I wanted to tell him he was taking the dodgeball game way too seriously, but before I could, he
hefted another ball.
The other three giants followed his lead.
I knew we were dead.
Tyson couldn’t deflect all those balls at once.
His hands had to be
seriously burned from blocking the first volley.
Without my sword …
I had a crazy idea.
I ran toward the locker room.
“Move!”
I told my teammates.
“Away from the door.”
Explosions behind me.
Tyson had batted two of the balls back toward their owners and blasted
them to ashes.
That left two giants still standing.
A third ball hurtled straight at me.
I forced myself to wait-one Mississippi, two Mississippi-then
dove aside as the fiery sphere demolished the locker room door.
Now, I figured that the built-up gas in most boys’ locker rooms was enough to cause an explosion,
so I wasn’t surprised when the flaming dodgeball ignited a huge WHOOOOOOOM!
The wall blew apart.
Locker doors, socks, athletic supporters, and other various nasty personal
belongings rained all over the gym.
I turned just in time to see Tyson punch Skull Eater in the face.
The giant crumpled.
But the last
giant, Joe Bob, had wisely held on to his own ball, waiting for an opportunity.
He threw just as Tyson
was turning to face him.
“No!”
I yelled.
The ball caught Tyson square in the chest.
He slid the length of the court and slammed into the
back wall, which cracked and partially crumbled on top of him, making a hole right onto Church
Street.
I didn’t see how Tyson could still be alive, but he only looked dazed.
The bronze ball was
smoking at his feet.
Tyson tried to pick it up, but he fell back, stunned, into a pile of cinder blocks.
“Well!”
Joe Bob gloated.
“I’m the last one standing!
I’ll have enough meat to bring Babycakes a
doggie bag!”
He picked up another ball and aimed it at Tyson.
“Stop!”
I yelled.
“It’s me you want!”
The giant grinned.
“You wish to die first, young hero?”
I had to do something.
Riptide had to be around here somewhere.
Then I spotted my jeans in a smoking heap of clothes right by the giant’s feet.
If I could only get

there….
I knew it was hopeless, but I charged.
The giant laughed.
“My lunch approaches.”
He raised his arm to throw.
I braced myself to die.
Suddenly the giant’s body went rigid.
His expression changed from gloating to surprise.
Right
where his belly button should’ve been, his T-shirt ripped open and he grew something like a horn-no,
not a horn-the glowing tip of a blade.
The ball dropped out of his hand.
The monster stared down at the knife that had just run him
through from behind.
He muttered, “Ow,” and burst into a cloud of green flame, which I figured was going to make
Babycakes pretty upset.
Standing in the smoke was my friend Annabeth.
Her face was grimy and scratched.
She had a
ragged backpack slung over her shoulder, her baseball cap tucked in her pocket, a bronze knife in her
hand, and a wild look in her storm-gray eyes, like she’d just been chased a thousand miles by ghosts.
Matt Sloan, who’d been standing there dumbfounded the whole time, finally came to his senses.
He blinked at Annabeth, as if he dimly recognized her from my notebook picture.
“That’s the girl …
That’s the girl-“
Annabeth punched him in the nose and knocked him flat.
“And you,” she told him, “lay off my
friend.”
The gym was in flames.
Kids were still running around screaming.
I heard sirens wailing and a
garbled voice over the intercom.
Through the glass windows of the exit doors, I could see the
headmaster, Mr. Bonsai, wrestling with the lock, a crowd of teachers piling up behind him.
“Annabeth …” I stammered.
“How did you … how long have you …”
“Pretty much all morning.”
She sheathed her bronze knife.
“I’ve been trying to find a good time to
talk to you, but you were never alone.”
“The shadow I saw this morning-that was-”
My face felt hot.
“Oh my gods, you were looking in
my bedroom window?”
“There’s no time to explain!”
she snapped, though she looked a little red-faced herself.
“I just
didn’t want to-“
“There!”
a woman screamed.
The doors burst open and the adults came pouring in.
“Meet me outside,” Annabeth told me.
“And him.”
She pointed to Tyson, who was still sitting
dazed against the wall.
Annabeth gave him a look of distaste that I didn’t quite understand.
“You’d
better bring him.”
“What?”
“No time!”
she said.
“Hurry!”
She put on her Yankees baseball cap, which was a magic gift from her mom, and instantly
vanished.
That left me standing alone in the middle of the burning gymnasium when the headmaster came
charging in with half the faculty and a couple of police officers.
“Percy Jackson?”
Mr. Bonsai said.
“What … how …”
Over by the broken wall, Tyson groaned and stood up from the pile of cinder blocks.
“Head
hurts.”
Matt Sloan was coming around, too.
He focused on me with a look of terror.
“Percy did it, Mr.
Bonsai!
He set the whole building on fire.
Coach Nunley will tell you!
He saw it all!”
Coach Nunley had been dutifully reading his magazine, but just my luck-he chose that moment to
look up when Sloan said his name.
“Eh?
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.”
The other adults turned toward me.
I knew they would never believe me, even if I could tell them

the truth.
I grabbed Riptide out of my ruined jeans, told Tyson, “Come on!” and jumped through the gaping
hole in the side of the building.
Percy Jackson 2 - The Sea Monsters
THREE
WE HAIL THE TAXI
OF ETERNAL TORMENT
Annabeth was waiting for us in an alley down Church Street.
She pulled Tyson and me off the
sidewalk just as a fire truck screamed past, heading for Meriwether Prep.
“Where’d you find him?”
she demanded, pointing at Tyson.
Now, under different circumstances, I would’ve been really happy to see her.
We’d made our
peace last summer, despite the fact that her mom was Athena and didn’t get along with my dad.
I’d
missed Annabeth probably more than I wanted to admit.
But I’d just been attacked by cannibal giants, Tyson had saved my life three or four times, and all
Annabeth could do was glare at him like he was the problem.
“He’s my friend,” I told her.
“Is he homeless?”
“What does that have to do with anything?
He can hear you, you know.
Why don’t you ask him?”
She looked surprised.
“He can talk?”
“I talk,” Tyson admitted.
“You are pretty.”
“Ah! Gross!”
Annabeth stepped away from him.
I couldn’t believe she was being so rude.
I examined Tyson’s hands, which I was sure must’ve
been badly scorched by the flaming dodge balls, but they looked fine-grimy and scarred, with dirty
fingernails the size of potato chips-but they always looked like that.
“Tyson,” I said in disbelief.
“Your hands aren’t even burned.”
“Of course not,” Annabeth muttered.
“I’m surprised the Laistrygonians had the guts to attack you
with him around.”
Tyson seemed fascinated by Annabeth’s blond hair.
He tried to touch it, but she smacked his hand
away.
“Annabeth,” I said, “what are you talking about?
Laistry-what?”
“Laistrygonians.
The monsters in the gym.
They’re a race of giant cannibals who live in the far
north.
Odysseus ran into them once, but I’ve never seen them as far south as New York before.”
“Laistry-I can’t even say that.
What would you call them in English?”
She thought about it for a moment.
“Canadians,” she decided.
“Now come on, we have to get out
of here.”
“The police’ll be after me.”
“That’s the least of our problems,” she said.
Annabeth and I exchanged looks.
I didn’t know how I could explain, but I figured Tyson deserved the truth after almost getting
killed.
“Big guy,” I said, “you ever hear those old stories about the Greek gods?
“Uh, well, Annabeth and I are half-bloods,” I said.
“We’re like … heroes-in-training.
And
whenever monsters pick up our scent, they attack us.
That’s what those giants were in the gym.
Monsters.”
“Yes.”
I stared at him.
He didn’t seem surprised or confused by what I was telling him, which surprised
and confused me.
“So … you believe me?”
Tyson nodded.
“But you are … Son of the Sea God?”
“Yeah,” I admitted.
“We don’t have time for this,” Annabeth said.
“We’ll talk in the taxi.”
“A taxi all the way to camp?”
I said.
“You know how much money-“
“Trust me.”
I hesitated.
“What about Tyson?”
I imagined escorting my giant friend into Camp Half-Blood.
If he freaked out on a regular
playground with regular bullies, how would he act at a training camp for demigods?
On the other
hand, the cops would be looking for us.
“We can’t just leave him,” I decided.
“He’ll be in trouble, too.”
*
“Yeah.”
Annabeth looked grim.
“We definitely need to take him.
Now come on.”
I didn’t like the way she said that, as if Tyson were a big disease we needed to get to the hospital,
but I followed her down the alley.
Together the three of us sneaked through the side streets of
downtown while a huge column of smoke billowed up behind us from my school gymnasium.
***
“Here.”
Annabeth stopped us on the corner of Thomas and Trimble.
She fished around in her
backpack.
“I hope I have one left.”
She looked even worse than I’d realized at first.
Her chin was cut.
Twigs and grass were tangled
in her ponytail, as if she’d slept several nights in the open.
The slashes on the hems of her jeans
looked suspiciously like claw marks.
“What are you looking for?”
I asked.
All around us, sirens wailed.
I figured it wouldn’t be long before more cops cruised by, looking
for juvenile delinquent gym-bombers.
No doubt Matt Sloan had given them a statement by now.
He’d
probably twisted the story around so that Tyson and I were the bloodthirsty cannibals.
“Found one.
Thank the gods.”
Annabeth pulled out a gold coin that I recognized as a drachma, the
currency of Mount Olympus.
“Three to Camp Half-Blood,” Annabeth said.
She opened the cab’s back door and waved at me to
get in, like this was all completely normal.
“Ach!”
the old woman screeched.
“We don’t take his kind!”
She pointed a bony finger at Tyson.
What was it?
Pick-on-Big-and-Ugly-Kids Day?
“Extra pay,” Annabeth promised.
“Three more drachma on arrival.”
“Done!”
the woman screamed.
Reluctantly I got in the cab.
Tyson squeezed in the middle.
Annabeth crawled in last.
The interior was also smoky gray, but it felt solid enough.
The seat was cracked and lumpy-no
different than most taxis.
There was no Plexiglas screen separating us from the old lady driving …
Wait a minute.
There wasn’t just one old lady.
There were three, all crammed in the front seat, each
with stringy hair covering her eyes, bony hands, and a charcoal-colored sackcloth dress.
The one driving said, “Long Island!
Out-of-metro fare bonus!
Ha!”
She floored the accelerator, and my head slammed against the backrest.
“They’re blind?”
“Not completely,” Annabeth said.
“They have an eye.”
“One eye?”
“Yeah.”
“Each?”
“No. One eye total.”
Next to me, Tyson groaned and grabbed the seat.
“Not feeling so good.”
“Oh, man,” I said, because I’d seen Tyson get carsick on school field trips and it was not
something you wanted to be within fifty feet of.
“Hang in there, big guy.
Anybody got a garbage bag or
something?”
The three gray ladies were too busy squabbling to pay me any attention.
I looked over at
Annabeth, who was hanging on for dear life, and I gave her a why-did-you-do-this-to-me look.
“Hey,” she said, “Gray Sisters Taxi is the fastest way to camp.”
“Then why didn’t you take it from Virginia?”
“That’s outside their service area,” she said, like that should be obvious.
“They only serve
Greater New York and surrounding communities.”
“We’ve had famous people in this cab!”
Anger exclaimed.
“Jason!
You remember him?”
“Don’t remind me!”
Wasp wailed.
“And we didn’t have a cab back then, you old bat.
That was
three thousand years ago!”
“Give me the tooth!”
Anger tried to grab at Wasp’s mouth, but Wasp swatted her hand away.
“Only if Tempest gives me the eye!”
“No!”
Tempest screeched.
“You had it yesterday!”
“But I’m driving, you old hag!”
“Excuses!
Turn!
That was your turn!”
Wasp swerved hard onto Delancey Street, squishing me between Tyson and the door.
She
punched the gas and we shot up the Williamsburg Bridge at seventy miles an hour.
The three sisters were fighting for real now, slapping each other as Anger tried to grab at Wasp’s
face and Wasp tried to grab at Tempest’s.
With their hair flying and their mouths open, screaming at
each other, I realized that none of the sisters had any teeth except for Wasp, who had one mossy
yellow incisor.
Instead of eyes, they just had closed, sunken eyelids, except for Anger, who had one
bloodshot green eye that stared at everything hungrily, as if it couldn’t get enough of anything it saw.
Finally Anger, who had the advantage of sight, managed to yank the tooth out of her sister Wasp’s

mouth.
This made Wasp so mad she swerved toward the edge of the Williamsburg Bridge, yelling,
“‘Ivit back!
‘Ivit back!”
Tyson groaned and clutched his stomach.
“Uh, if anybody’s interested,” I said, “we’re going to die!”
“Don’t worry,” Annabeth told me, sounding pretty worried.
“The Gray Sisters know what they’re
doing.
They’re really very wise.”
This coming from the daughter of Athena, but I wasn’t exactly reassured.
We were skimming
along the edge of a bridge a hundred and thirty feet above the East River.
“Yes, wise!”
Anger grinned in the rearview mirror, showing off her newly acquired tooth.
“We
know things!”
“Every street in Manhattan!”
Wasp bragged, still hitting her sister.
“The capital of Nepal!”
“The location you seek!”
Tempest added.
Immediately her sisters pummeled her from either side, screaming, “Be quiet!
Be quiet!
He didn’t
even ask yet!”
“What?” I said.
“What location?
I’m not seeking any-“
“Nothing!”
Tempest said.
“You’re right, boy.
It’s nothing!”
“Tell me.”
“No!”
they all screamed.
“The last time we told, it was horrible!”
Tempest said.
“Eye tossed in a lake!”
Anger agreed.
“Years to find it again!”
Wasp moaned.
“And speaking of that-give it back!”
“No!” yelled Anger.
“Eye!”
Wasp yelled.
“Gimme!”
She whacked her sister Anger on the back.
There was a sickening pop and something flew out of
Anger’s face.
Anger fumbled for it, trying to catch it, but she only managed to bat it with the back of
her hand.
The slimy green orb sailed over her shoulder, into the backseat, and straight into my lap.
I jumped so hard, my head hit the ceiling and the eyeball rolled away.
“I can’t see!”
all three sisters yelled.
“Give me the eye!”
Wasp wailed.
“Give her the eye!”
Annabeth screamed.
“I don’t have it!”
I said.
“There, by your foot,” Annabeth said.
“Don’t step on it!
Get it!”
“I’m not picking that up!”
The taxi slammed against the guardrail and skidded along with a horrible grinding noise.
The
whole car shuddered, billowing gray smoke as if it were about to dissolve from the strain.
“Going to be sick!”
Tyson warned.
“Annabeth,” I yelled, “let Tyson use your backpack!”
“Are you crazy?
Get the eye!”
Wasp yanked the wheel, and the taxi swerved away from the rail.
We hurtled down the bridge
toward Brooklyn, going faster than any human taxi.
The Gray Sisters screeched and pummeled each
other and cried out for their eye.
At last I steeled my nerves.
I ripped off a chunk of my tie-dyed T-shirt, which was already falling
apart from all the burn marks, and used it to pick the eyeball off the floor.
“Nice boy!”
Anger cried, as if she somehow knew I had her missing peeper.
“Give it back!”
“Not until you explain,” I told her.
“What were you talking about, the location I seek?”

“No time!”
Tempest cried.
“Accelerating!”
I looked out the window.
Sure enough, trees and cars and whole neighborhoods were now zipping
by in a gray blur.
We were already out of Brooklyn, heading through the middle of Long Island.
“Percy,” Annabeth warned, “they can’t find our destination without the eye.
We’ll just keep
accelerating until we break into a million pieces.”
“First they have to tell me,” I said.
“Or I’ll open the window and throw the eye into oncoming
traffic.”
“No!”
the Gray Sisters wailed.
“Too dangerous!”
“I’m rolling down the window.”
“Wait!”
the Gray Sisters screamed.
“30, 31, 75, 12!”
They belted it out like a quarterback calling a play.
“What do you mean?”
I said.
“That makes no sense!”
“30, 31, 75, 12!”
Anger wailed.
“That’s all we can tell you.
Now give us the eye!
Almost to
camp!”
We were off the highway now, zipping through the countryside of northern Long Island.
I could
see Half-Blood Hill ahead of us, with its giant pine tree at the crest-Thalia’s tree, which contained
the life force or a fallen hero.
“Percy!”
Annabeth said more urgently.
“Give them the eye now!”
I decided not to argue.
I threw the eye into Wasp’s lap.
The old lady snatched it up, pushed it into her eye socket like somebody putting in a contact lens,
and blinked.
“Whoa!”
She slammed on the brakes.
The taxi spun four or five times in a cloud of smoke and squealed to a
halt in the middle of the farm road at the base of Half-Blood Hill.
Tyson let loose a huge belch.
“Better now.”
“All right,” I told the Gray Sisters.
“Now tell me what those numbers mean.”
“No time!”
Annabeth opened her door.
“We have to get out now.”
I was about to ask why, when I looked up at Half-Blood Hill and understood.
At the crest of the hill was a group of campers.
And they were under attack.
Percy Jackson 2 - The Sea Monsters
FOUR
TYSON PLAYS
WITH FIRE
Mythologically speaking, if there’s anything I hate worse than trios of old ladies, it’s bulls.
Last
summer, I fought the Minotaur on top of Half-Blood Hill.
This time what I saw up there was even
worse: two bulls.
And not just regular bulls-bronze ones the size of elephants.
And even that wasn’t
bad enough.
Naturally they had to breathe fire, too.
As soon as we exited the taxi, the Gray Sisters peeled out, heading back to New York, where life
was safer.
They didn’t even wait for their extra three-drachma payment.
They just left us on the side
of the road, Annabeth with nothing but her backpack and knife, Tyson and me still in our burned-up
tie-dyed gym clothes.
“Oh, man,” said Annabeth, looking at the battle raging on the hill.
What worried me most weren’t the bulls themselves.
Or the ten heroes in full battle armor who
were getting their bronze-plated booties whooped.
What worried me was that the bulls were ranging
all over the hill, even around the back side of the pine tree.
That shouldn’t have been possible.
The
camp’s magic boundaries didn’t allow monsters to cross past Thalia’s tree.
But the metal bulls were
doing it anyway.
One of the heroes shouted, “Border patrol, to me!”
A girl’s voice-gruff and familiar.
Border patrol?
I thought.
The camp didn’t have a border patrol.
“It’s Clarisse,” Annabeth said.
“Come on, we have to help her.”
Normally, rushing to Clarisse’s aid would not have been high on my “to do” list.
She was one of
the biggest bullies at camp.
The first time we’d met she tried to introduce my head to a toilet.
She was
also a daughter of Ares, and I’d had a very serious disagreement with her father last summer, so now
the god of war and all his children basically hated my guts.
Still, she was in trouble.
Her fellow warriors were scattering, running in panic as the bulls
charged.
The grass was burning in huge swathes around the pine tree.
One hero screamed and waved
his arms as he ran in circles, the horsehair plume on his helmet blazing like a fiery Mohawk.
Clarisse’s own armor was charred.
She was fighting with a broken spear shaft, the other end
embedded uselessly in the metal joint of one bull’s shoulder.
I uncapped my ballpoint pen.
It shimmered, growing longer and heavier until I held the bronze
sword Anaklusmos in my hands.
“Tyson, stay here.
I don’t want you taking any more chances.”
“No!”
Annabeth said.
“We need him.”
I stared at her.
“He’s mortal.
He got lucky with the dodge balls but he can’t-“
“Percy, do you know what those are up there?
The Colchis bulls, made by Hephaestus himself.
We can’t fight them without Medea’s Sunscreen SPF 50,000.
We’ll get burned to a crisp.”
“Medea’s what?”
Annabeth rummaged through her backpack and cursed.
“I had a jar of tropical coconut scent sitting
on my night-stand at home.
Why didn’t I bring it?”
I’d learned a long time ago not to question Annabeth too much.
It just made me more confused.
“Look, I don’t know what you’re talking about, but I’m not going to let Tyson get fried.”

“Percy-“
“Tyson, stay back.”
I raised my sword.
“I’m going in.”
Annabeth shouted orders to the other heroes, telling them to spread out and keep the bulls
distracted.
Bull Number One ran a wide arc, making its way back toward me.
As it passed the middle of the
hill, where the invisible boundary line should’ve kept it out, it slowed down a little, as if it were
struggling against a strong wind; but then it broke through and kept coming.
Bull Number Two turned
to face me, fire sputtering from the gash I’d cut in its side.
I couldn’t tell if it felt any pain, but its ruby
eyes seemed to glare at me like I’d just made things personal.
I couldn’t fight both bulls at the same time.
I’d have to take down Bull Number Two first, cut its
head off before Bull Number One charged back into range.
My arms already felt tired.
I realized how
long it had been since I’d worked out with Riptide, how out of practice I was.
I lunged but Bull Number Two blew flames at me.
I rolled aside as the air turned to pure heat.
All
the oxygen was sucked out of my lungs.
My foot caught on something-a tree root, maybe-and pain shot
up my ankle.
Still, I managed to slash with my sword and lop off part of the monster’s snout.
It
galloped away, wild and disoriented.
But before I could feel too good about that, I tried to stand, and
my left leg buckled underneath me.
My ankle was sprained, maybe broken.
Bull Number One charged straight toward me.
No way could I crawl out of its path.
Annabeth shouted: “Tyson, help him!”
Somewhere near, toward the crest of the hill, Tyson wailed, “Can’t-get-through!”
“I, Annabeth Chase, give you permission to enter camp!”
Thunder shook the hillside.
Suddenly Tyson was there, barreling toward me, yelling: “Percy
needs help!”
Before I could tell him no, he dove between me and the bull just as it unleashed a nuclear
firestorm.
“Tyson!”
I yelled.
The blast swirled around him like a red tornado.
I could only see the black silhouette of his body.
I knew with horrible certainty that my friend had just been turned into a column of ashes.
But when the fire died, Tyson was still standing there, completely unharmed.
Not even his grungy
clothes were scorched.
The bull must’ve been as surprised as I was, because before it could unleash
a second blast, Tyson balled his fists and slammed them into the bull’s face.
“BAD COW!”
His fists made a crater where the bronze bull’s snout used to be.
Two small columns of flame shot
out of its ears.
Tyson hit it again, and the bronze crumpled under his hands like aluminum foil.
The
bull’s face now looked like a sock puppet pulled inside out.
“Down!”
Tyson yelled.
The bull staggered and fell on its back.
Its legs moved feebly in the air, steam coming out of its
ruined head in odd places.
Annabeth ran over to check on me.
My ankle felt like it was filled with acid, but she gave me some Olympian nectar to drink from her
canteen, and I immediately started to feel better.
There was a burning smell that I later learned was
me.
The hair on my arms had been completely singed off.
“The other bull?”
I asked.
Annabeth pointed down the hill.
“Don’t ever, EVER try saving me again!”
“Clarisse,” Annabeth said, “you’ve got wounded campers.”
That sobered her up.
Even Clarisse cared about the soldiers under her command.
“I’ll be back,” she growled, then trudged off to assess the damage.
I stared at Tyson.
“You didn’t die.”
Tyson looked down like he was embarrassed.
“I am sorry.
Came to help.
Disobeyed you.”
“My fault,” Annabeth said.
“I had no choice.
I had to let Tyson cross the boundary line to save

you.
Otherwise, you would’ve died.”
“Let him cross the boundary line?’”
I asked.
“But-“
“Percy,” she said, “have you ever looked at Tyson closely?
I mean … in the face.
Ignore the Mist,
and really look at him.”
The Mist makes humans see only what their brains can process … I knew it could fool demigods
too, but…
I looked Tyson in the face.
It wasn’t easy.
I’d always had trouble looking directly at him, though
I’d never quite understood why.
I’d thought it was just because he always had peanut butter in his
crooked teeth.
I forced myself to focus at his big lumpy nose, then a little higher at his eyes.
No, not eyes.
One eye.
One large, calf-brown eye, right in the middle of his forehead, with thick lashes and big
tears trickling down his cheeks on either side.
“Tyson,” I stammered.
“You’re a …”
“Cyclops,” Annabeth offered.
“A baby, by the looks of him.
Probably why he couldn’t get past the
boundary line as easily as the bulls.
Tyson’s one of the homeless orphans.”
“One of the what?”
“They’re in almost all the big cities,” Annabeth said distastefully.
“They’re … mistakes, Percy.
Children of nature spirits and gods …
Well, one god in particular, usually … and they don’t always
come out right.
No one wants them.
They get tossed aside.
They grow up wild on the streets.
I don’t
know how this one found you, but he obviously likes you.
We should take him to Chiron, let him
decide what to do.”
“But the fire.
How-“
“He’s a Cyclops.”
Annabeth paused, as if she were remembering something unpleasant.
“They
work the forges of the gods.
They have to be immune to fire.
That’s what I was trying to tell you.”
I was completely shocked.
How had I never realized what Tyson was?
But I didn’t have much time to think about it just then.
The whole side of the hill was burning.
Wounded heroes needed attention.
And there were still two banged-up bronze bulls to dispose of,
which I didn’t figure would fit in our normal recycling bins.
Annabeth was trying hard not to cry.
Chiron brushed a tear from her cheek.
“Stay with Percy,
child,” he told her.
“Keep him safe.
The prophecy-remember it!”
“I-I will.”
“Um …” I said.
“Would this be the super-dangerous prophecy that has me in it, but the gods have
forbidden you to tell me about?”
Nobody answered.
“Right,” I muttered.
“Just checking.”
“Chiron …” Annabeth said.
“You told me the gods made you immortal only so long as you were
needed to train heroes.
If they dismiss you from camp-“
“Swear you will do your best to keep Percy from danger,” he insisted.
“Swear upon the River
Styx.”
“I-I swear it upon the River Styx,” Annabeth said.
Thunder rumbled outside.
“Very well,” Chiron said.
He seemed to relax just a little.
“Perhaps my name will be cleared and
I shall return.
Until then, I go to visit my wild kinsmen in the Everglades.
It’s possible they know of
some cure for the poisoned tree that I have forgotten.
In any event, I will stay in exile until this matter
is resolved … one way or another.”
Annabeth stifled a sob.
Chiron patted her shoulder awkwardly.
“There, now, child.
I must entrust
your safety to Mr. D and the new activities director.
We must hope … well, perhaps they won’t
destroy the camp quite as quickly as I fear.”
“Who is this Tantalus guy, anyway?”
I demanded.
“Where does he get off taking your job?”
A conch horn blew across the valley.
I hadn’t realized how late it was.
It was time for the
campers to assemble for dinner.
“Go,” Chiron said.
“You will meet him at the pavilion.
I will contact your mother, Percy, and let

her know you’re safe.
No doubt she’ll be worried by now.
Just remember my warning!
You are in
grave danger.
Do not think for a moment that the titan lord has forgotten you!”
With that, he clopped out of the apartment and down the hall, Tyson calling after him, “Pony!
Don’t go!”
I realized I’d forgotten to tell Chiron about my dream of Grover.
Now it was too late.
The best
teacher I’d ever had was gone, maybe for good.
Tyson started bawling almost as bad as Annabeth.
I tried to tell them that things would be okay,
but I didn’t believe it.
The sun was setting behind the dining pavilion as the campers came up from their cabins.
We
stood in the shadow of a marble column and watched them file in.
Annabeth was still pretty shaken
up, but she promised she’d talk to us later.
Then she went off to join her siblings from the Athena
cabin-a dozen boys and girls with blond hair and gray eyes like hers.
Annabeth wasn’t the oldest, but
she’d been at camp more summers than just about anybody.
You could tell that by looking at her camp
necklace-one bead for every summer, and Annabeth had six.
No one questioned her right to lead the
line.
Next came Clarisse, leading the Ares cabin.
She had one arm in a sling and a nasty-looking gash
on her cheek, but otherwise her encounter with the bronze bulls didn’t seem to have fazed her.
Someone had taped a piece of paper to her back that said, YOU MOO, GIRL!
But nobody in her cabin
was bothering to tell her about it.
After the Ares kids came the Hephaestus cabin-six guys led by Charles Beckendorf, a big fifteenyear-old African American kid.
He had hands the size of catchers’ mitts and a face that was hard and
squinty from looking into a blacksmiths forge all day.
He was nice enough once you got to know him,
but no one ever called him Charlie or Chuck or Charles.
Most just called him Beckendorf.
Rumor
was he could make anything.
Give him a chunk of metal and he could create a razor-sharp sword or a
robotic warrior or a singing birdbath for your grandmother’s garden.
Whatever you wanted.
The other cabins filed in: Demeter, Apollo, Aphrodite, Dionysus.
Naiads came up from the canoe
lake.
Dryads melted out of the trees.
From the meadow came a dozen satyrs, who reminded me
painfully of Grover.
I’d always had a soft spot for the satyrs.
When they were at camp, they had to do all kinds of odd
jobs for Mr. D, the director, but their most important work was out in the real world.
They were the
camp’s seekers.
They went undercover into schools all over the world, looking for potential halfbloods and escorting them back to camp.
That’s how I’d met Grover.
He had been the first one to
recognize I was a demigod.
After the satyrs filed in to dinner, the Hermes cabin brought up the rear.
They were always the
biggest cabin.
Everybody laughed except Annabeth and a few of my other friends.
Tyson didn’t seem to notice.
He was too mystified, trying to swat the glowing trident that was
now fading over his head.
He was too innocent to understand how much they were making fun of him,
how cruel people were.
But I got it.
I had a new cabin mate.
I had a monster for a half-brother.
Percy Jackson 2 - The Sea Monsters
SIX
DEMON PIGEONS
ATTACK
The next few days were torture, just like Tantalus wanted.
After all, Annabeth’s mom,
Athena, had invented the chariot, and my dad had created horses.
Together we would own that track.
One morning Annabeth and I were sitting by the canoe lake sketching chariot designs when some
jokers from Aphrodite’s cabin walked by and asked me if I needed to borrow some eyeliner for my
eye … “Oh sorry, eyes.”
As they walked away laughing, Annabeth grumbled, “Just ignore them, Percy.
It isn’t your fault
you have a monster for a brother.”
“He’s not my brother!”
I snapped.
“And he’s not a monster, either!”
Annabeth raised her eyebrows.
“Hey, don’t get mad at me!
And technically, he is a monster.”
“Well you gave him permission to enter the camp.”
“Because i t w as the only w ay t o save your life!
Annabeth’s ears turned pink.
I got the feeling there was something she wasn’t telling mesomething bad.
“Just forget it,” she said.
“Now, the axle for this chariot-“
“You’re treating him like he’s this horrible thing,” I said.
“He saved my life.”
Annabeth threw down her pencil and stood.
“Then maybe you should design a chariot with him.”
“Maybe I should.”
“Fine!”
“Fine!”
She stormed off and left me feeling even worse than before.
The next couple of days, I tried to keep my mind off my problems.
Silena Beauregard, one of the nicer girls from Aphrodite’s cabin, gave me my first riding lesson
on a pegasus.
She explained that there was only one immortal winged horse named Pegasus, who still
wandered free somewhere in the skies, but over the eons he’d sired a lot of children, none quite so
fast or heroic, but all named after the first and greatest.
Being the son of the sea god, I never liked going into the air.
I should’ve been testing myself against the Ares and Athena
cabins, since they had the best sword fighters, but I didn’t get along with Clarisse and her siblings,
and after my argument with Annabeth, I just didn’t want to see her.
I went to archery class, even though I was terrible at it, and it wasn’t the same without Chiron
teaching.
In arts and crafts, I started a marble bust of Poseidon, but it started looking like Sylvester
Stallone, so I ditched it.
I scaled the climbing wall in full lava-and-earthquake mode.
And in the
evenings, I did border patrol.
Even though Tantalus had insisted we forget trying to protect the camp,
some of the campers had quietly kept it up, working out a schedule during our free times.
I sat at the top of Half-Blood Hill and watched the dryads come and go, singing to the dying pine
tree.
Satyrs brought their reed pipes and played nature magic songs, and for a while the pine needles
seemed to get fuller.
The flowers on the hill smelled a little sweeter and the grass looked greener.
But
as soon as the music stopped, the sickness crept back into the air.
The whole hill seemed to be
infected, dying from the poison that had sunk into the tree’s roots.
The longer I sat there, the angrier I
got.
That left two chariots: one driven by Annabeth, and the other by me.
Before the race began, I tried to approach Annabeth and tell her about my dream.
She perked up when I mentioned Grover, but when I told her what he’d said, she seemed to get
distant again, suspicious.
“You’re trying to distract me,” she decided.
“What?
No
I’m not!”
“Oh, right!
He’s in trouble, Annabeth.”
She hesitated.
I could tell she was trying to decide whether or not to trust me.
Despite our
occasional fights, we’d been through a lot together.
And I knew she would never want anything bad to
happen to Grover.
“Percy, an empathy link is so hard to do.
I mean, it’s more likely you really were dreaming.”
“The Oracle,” I said.
“We could consult the Oracle.”
Annabeth frowned.
Last summer, before my quest, I’d visited the strange spirit that lived in the Big House attic and it
had given me a prophecy that came true in ways I’d never expected.
The experience had freaked me
out for months.
Annabeth knew I’d never suggest going back there if I wasn’t completely serious.
Before she could answer, the conch horn sounded.
“Charioteers!”
Tantalus called.
“To your mark!”
“We’ll talk later,” Annabeth told me, “after I win.”
As I was walking back to my own chariot, I noticed how many more pigeons were in the trees
now-screeching like crazy, making the whole forest rustle.
Nobody else seemed to be paying them
much attention, but they made me nervous.
Their beaks glinted strangely.
Their eyes seemed shinier
than regular birds.
Tyson was having trouble getting our horses under control.
I had to talk to them a long time before
they would settle down.
He’s a monster, lord!
they complained to me.
We were making good time, pulling ahead of Ares, but
Annabeth’s chariot was way ahead of us.
She was already making her turn around the first post, her
javelin man grinning and waving at us, shouting: “See ya!”
The Hephaestus chariot was starting to gain on us, too.
Beckendorf pressed a button, and a panel slid open on the side of his chariot.
“Sorry, Percy!”
he yelled.
Three sets of balls and chains shot straight toward our wheels.
They
would’ve wrecked us completely if Tyson hadn’t whacked them aside with a quick swipe of his pole.
He gave the Hephaestus chariot a good shove and sent them skittering sideways while we pulled
ahead.
“Nice work, Tyson!”
I yelled.
“Birds!”
he cried.
“What?”
We were whipping along so fast it was hard to hear or see anything, but Tyson pointed toward the
woods
and I saw what he was worried about.
The pigeons had risen from the trees.
They were
spiraling like a huge tornado, heading toward the track.
No big deal, I told myself.
They’re just pigeons.
I tried to concentrate on the race.
We made our first turn, the wheels creaking under us, the chariot threatening to tip, but we were
now only ten feet behind Annabeth.
If I could just get a little closer, Tyson could use his pole….
Annabeth’s fighter wasn’t smiling now.
He pulled a javelin from his collection and took aim at
me.
He was about to throw when we heard the screaming.
The pigeons were swarming-thousands of them dive-bombing the spectators in the stands,
attacking the other chariots.
Beckendorf was mobbed.
His fighter tried to bat the birds away but he
couldn’t see anything.
The chariot veered off course and plowed through the strawberry fields, the
mechanical horses steaming.
Annabeth wasn’t having much better luck.
The closer we got to the stands, the thicker the cloud of
birds became.
Some of the spectators were trying to fight back.
The Athena campers were calling for shields.
The archers from Apollo’s cabin brought out their bows and arrows, ready to slay the menace, but
with so many campers mixed in with the birds, it wasn’t safe to shoot.
“Too many!”
I yelled to Annabeth.
“How do you get rid of them?”
She stabbed at a pigeon with her knife.
“Hercules used noise!
Brass bells!
He scared them away
with the most horrible sound he could-“
Her eyes got wide.
“Percy … Chiron’s collection!”
I understood instantly.
“You think it’ll work?”
She handed her fighter the reins and leaped from her chariot into mine like it was the easiest thing
in the world.
“To the Big House!
It’s our only chance!”
I grabbed the most repulsive
one I could find, Annabeth snatched the boom box, and together we ran back outside.
Down at the track, the chariots were in flames.
Wounded campers ran in every direction, with
birds shredding their clothes and pulling out their hair, while Tantalus chased breakfast pastries
around the stands, every once in a while yelling, “Everything’s under control!
Not to worry.’”
We pulled up to the finish line.
Annabeth got the boom box ready.
I prayed the batteries weren’t
dead.
I pressed PLAY and started up Chiron’s favorite-the All-Time Greatest Hits of Dean Martin.
Suddenly the air was filled with violins and a bunch of guys moaning in Italian.
The demon pigeons went nuts.
They started flying in circles, running into each other like they
wanted to bash their own brains out.
Then they abandoned the track altogether and flew skyward in a
huge dark wave.
“Now!” shouted Annabeth.
“Archers!”
With clear targets, Apollo’s archers had flawless aim.
Most of them could nock five or six
arrows at once.
Within minutes, the ground was littered with dead bronze-beaked pigeons, and the
survivors were a distant trail of smoke on the horizon.
The camp was saved, but the wreckage wasn’t pretty.
Most of the chariots had been completely
destroyed.
Almost everyone was wounded, bleeding from multiple bird pecks.
The kids from
Aphrodite’s cabin were screaming because their hairdos had been ruined and their clothes pooped
on.
“Bravo!”
Tantalus said, but he wasn’t looking at me or Annabeth.
“We have our first winner!”
“And now to punish the troublemakers who disrupted this race.”

Percy Jackson 2 - The Sea Monsters
SEVEN
I ACCEPT GIFTS
FROM A STRANGER
The way Tantalus saw it, the Stymphalian birds had simply been minding their own business in
the woods and would not have attacked if Annabeth, Tyson, and I hadn’t disturbed them with our bad
chariot driving.
This was so completely unfair, I told Tantalus to go chase a doughnut, which didn’t help his
mood.
He sentenced us to kitchen patrol-scrubbing pots and platters all afternoon in the underground
kitchen with the cleaning harpies.
The harpies washed with lava instead of water, to get that extraclean sparkle and kill ninety-nine point nine percent of all germs, so Annabeth and I had to wear
asbestos gloves and aprons.
Tyson didn’t mind.
He plunged his bare hands right in and started scrubbing, but Annabeth and I
had to suffer through hours of hot, dangerous work, especially since there were tons of extra plates.
Tantalus had ordered a special luncheon banquet to celebrate Clarisse’s chariot victory-a full-course
meal featuring country-fried Stymphalian death-bird.
The only good thing about our punishment was that it gave Annabeth and me a common enemy and
lots of time to talk.
It makes sense, Annabeth.
We can rescue him and save the camp at the
same time.
It’s perfect!”
Annabeth hesitated.
“A little too perfect, don’t you think?
What if it’s a trap?”
I remembered last summer, how Kronos had manipulated our quest.
He’d almost fooled us into
helping him start a war that would’ve destroyed Western Civilization.
“What choice do we have?”
I asked.
A little bit of hope crept into Annabeth’s voice.
“We’d better get these dishes done.
Hand me the lava spray gun, will you?”
That night at the campfire, Apollo’s cabin led the sing-along.
They tried to get everybody’s spirits
up, but it wasn’t easy after that afternoon’s bird attack.
We all sat around a semicircle of stone steps,
singing halfheartedly and watching the bonfire blaze while the Apollo guys strummed their guitars and
picked their lyres.
We did all the standard camp numbers: “Down by the Aegean,” “I Am My Own Great-GreatGreat-Great-Grandpa,” “This Land is Minos’s Land.”
The bonfire was enchanted, so the louder you
sang, the higher it rose, changing color and heat with the mood of the crowd.
On a good night, I’d seen
it twenty feet high, bright purple, and so hot the whole front row’s marshmallows burst into the
flames.
Tonight, the fire was only five feet high, barely warm, and the flames were the color of lint.
Dionysus left early.
After suffering through a few songs, he muttered something about how even
pinochle with Chiron had been more exciting than this.
Then he gave Tantalus a distasteful look and
headed back toward the Big House.
When the last song was over, Tantalus said, “Well, that was lovely!”
He came forward with a toasted marshmallow on a stick and tried to pluck it off, real casual-like.
But before he could touch it, the marshmallow flew off the stick.
Tantalus made a wild grab, but the
marshmallow committed suicide, diving into the flames.
Tantalus turned back toward us, smiling coldly.
“Now then!
Some announcements about
tomorrow’s schedule.”
“Sir,” I said.
Tantalus’s eye twitched.
“Our kitchen boy has something to say?”
Some of the Ares campers snickered, but I wasn’t going to let anybody embarrass me into silence.
I stood and looked at Annabeth.
Thank the gods, she stood up with me.
I said, “We have an idea to save the camp.”
Dead silence, but I could tell I’d gotten everybody’s interest, because the campfire flared bright
yellow.
“Indeed,” Tantalus said blandly.
“Well, if it has anything to do with chariots-“
“The Golden Fleece,” I said.
“We know where it is.”
The flames burned orange.
Before Tantalus could stop me, I blurted out my dream about Grover
and Polyphemus’s island.
Annabeth stepped in and reminded everybody what the Fleece could do.
It
sounded more convincing coming from her.
“The Fleece can save the camp,” she concluded.
“I’m certain of it.”
“Nonsense,” said Tantalus.
“We don’t need saving.”
Everybody stared at him until Tantalus started looking uncomfortable.
“Besides,” he added quickly, “the Sea of Monsters?
That’s hardly an exact location.
You
wouldn’t even know where to look.”
“Yes, I would,” I said.
Annabeth leaned toward me and whispered, “You would?”
I nodded, because Annabeth had jogged something in my memory when she reminded me about
our taxi drive with the Gray Sisters.
At the time, the information they’d given me made no sense.
But
now …
“30, 31, 75, 12,” I said.
“Ooo-kay,” Tantalus said.
“Thank you for sharing those meaningless numbers.”
“They’re sailing coordinates,” I said.
“Latitude and longitude.
I, uh, learned about it in social

studies.”
Even Annabeth looked impressed.
“30 degrees, 31 minutes north, 75 degrees, 12 minutes west.
He’s right!
The Gray Sisters gave us those coordinates.
That’d be somewhere in the Atlantic, off the
coast of Florida.
The Sea of Monsters.
We need a quest!”
“Wait just a minute,” Tantalus said.
But the campers took up the chant.
“We need a quest!
We need a quest!”
The flames rose higher.
“It isn’t necessary!”
Tantalus insisted.
“WE NEED A QUEST!
WE NEED A QUEST!”
“Fine!”
Tantalus shouted, his eyes blazing with anger.
“You brats want me to assign a quest?”
“YES!”
“Very well,” he agreed.
“I shall authorize a champion to undertake this perilous journey, to
retrieve the Golden Fleece and bring it back to camp.
Or die trying.”
My heart filled with excitement.
I wasn’t going to let Tantalus scare me.
This was what I needed
to do.
And I think the choice of champion is obvious.”
Tantalus looked at Annabeth and me as if he wanted to flay us alive.
“The champion should be
one who has earned the camp’s respect, who has proven resourceful in the chariot races and
courageous in the defense of the camp.
I was checking out the constellations Annabeth had taught meSagittarius, Hercules, Corona Borealis-when somebody said, “Beautiful, aren’t they?”
I almost spewed soda.
Standing right next to me was a guy in nylon running shorts and a New York City Marathon Tshirt.
He was slim and fit, with salt-and-pepper hair and a sly smile.
He looked kind of familiar, but I
couldn’t figure out why.
My first thought was that he must’ve been taking a midnight jog down the beach and strayed inside
the camp borders.
That wasn’t supposed to happen.
Regular mortals couldn’t enter the valley.
But
maybe with the tree’s magic weakening he’d managed to slip in.
But in the middle of the night?
And
there was nothing around except farmland and state preserves.
Where would this guy have jogged
from?
“May I join you?”
he asked.
“I haven’t sat down in ages.”
Now, I know-a strange guy in the middle of the night.
Common sense: I was supposed to run
away, yell for help, etc.
But the guy acted so calm about the whole thing that I found it hard to be
afraid.
I said, “Uh, sure.”
He smiled.
“Your hospitality does you credit.
Oh, and Coca-Cola!
May I?”
He sat at the other end of the blanket, popped a soda and took a drink.
“Ah … that hits the spot.
Peace and quiet at-
“
A cell phone went off in his pocket.
The jogger sighed.
He pulled out his phone and my eyes got big, because it glowed with a bluish
light.
When he extended the antenna, two creatures began writhing around it-green snakes, no bigger
than earthworms.
The jogger didn’t seem to notice.
He checked his LCD display and cursed.
“I’ve got to take this.
Just a sec …” Then into the phone: “Hello?”
He listened.
The mini-snakes writhed up and down the antenna right next to his ear.
“Yeah,” the jogger said.
“Listen-I know, but… I don’t care if he is chained to a rock with vultures
pecking at his liver, if he doesn’t have a tracking number, we can’t locate his package….
A gift to
humankind, great… You know how many of those we deliver-Oh, never mind.
Listen, just refer him to
Eris in customer service.
I gotta go.”
He hung up.
“Sorry.
The overnight express business is just booming.
Now, as I was saying-“
“You have snakes on your phone.”
“What?
Oh, they don’t bite.
Say hello, George and Martha.”
Hello, George and Martha, a raspy male voice said inside my head.
Don’t be sarcastic, said a female voice.
Why not?
George demanded.
I do all the real work.
“Oh, let’s not go into that again!”
The jogger slipped his phone back into his pocket.
“Now, where
were we … Ah, yes.
Peace and quiet.”
He crossed his ankles and stared up at the stars.
“Been a long time since I’ve gotten to relax.
Ever
since the telegraph-rush, rush, rush.
Do you have a favorite constellation, Percy?”
I was still kind of wondering about the little green snakes he’d shoved into his jogging shorts, but
I said, “Uh, I like Hercules.”
“Why?”
“Well … because he had rotten luck.
Even worse than mine.
It makes me feel better.”
The jogger chuckled.
“Not because he was strong and famous and all that?”
“No.”
“You’re an interesting young man.
And so, what now?”
I knew immediately what he was asking.
What did I intend to do about the Fleece?
Before I could answer, Martha the snake’s muffled voice came from his pocket: I have Demeter
on line two.
“Not now,” the jogger said.
“Tell her to leave a message.”
She’s not going to like that.
The last time you put her off, all the flowers in the floral delivery
division wilted.
“Just tell her I’m in a meeting!”
The jogger rolled his eyes.
“Sorry again, Percy.
You were saying
…”
“Um … who are you, exactly?”
“Haven’t you guessed by now, a smart boy like you?”
Show him!
Martha pleaded.
I haven’t been full-size for months.
Don’t listen to her!
George said.
She just wants to show off!
The man took out his phone again.
“Original form, please.”
The phone glowed a brilliant blue.
It stretched into a three-foot-long wooden staff with dove
wings sprouting out the top.
George and Martha, now full-sized green snakes, coiled together around
the middle.
It was a caduceus, the symbol of Cabin Eleven.
My throat tightened.
I realized who the jogger reminded me of with his elfish features, the
mischievous twinkle in his eyes….
I heard Annabeth’s voice calling my name from the sand dunes.
Tyson, too, was shouting from a
little bit farther away.
“I hope I packed well for you,” Hermes said.
“I do have some experience with travel.”
He snapped his fingers and three yellow duffel bags appeared at my feet.
“Waterproof, of course.
If you ask nicely, your father should be able to help you reach the ship.”
“Ship?”
Hermes pointed.
Sure enough, a big cruise ship was cutting across Long Island Sound, its whiteand-gold lights glowing against the dark water.
“Wait,” I said.
“I don’t understand any of this.
I haven’t even agreed to go!”
“I’d make up your mind in the next five minutes, if I were you,” Hermes advised.
“That’s when
the harpies will come to eat you.
Now, good night, cousin, and dare I say it?
May the gods go with
you.”
He opened his hand and the caduceus flew into it.
Good luck, Martha told me.
Bring me back a rat, George said.
The caduceus changed into a cell phone and Hermes slipped it into his pocket.
He jogged off down the beach.
Twenty paces away, he shimmered and vanished, leaving me alone
with a thermos, a bottle of chewable vitamins, and five minutes to make an impossible decision.
Percy Jackson 2 - The Sea Monsters
EIGHT
WE BOARD THE
PRINCESS ANDROMEDA
I was staring at the waves when Annabeth and Tyson found me.
“What’s going on?”
Annabeth asked.
“I heard you calling for help!”
“Me, too!”
Tyson said.
“Heard you yell, ‘Bad things are attacking!’”
“I didn’t call you guys,” I said.
“I’m fine.”
“But then who …” Annabeth noticed the three yellow duffel bags, then the thermos and the bottle
of vitamins I was holding.
“What-“
“Just listen,” I said.
“We don’t have much time.”
I told them about my conversation with Hermes.
By the time I was finished, I could hear
screeching in the distance-patrol harpies picking up our scent.
“Percy,” Annabeth said, “we have to do the quest.”
“We’ll get expelled, you know.
Trust me, I’m an expert at getting expelled.”
“So?
If we fail, there won’t be any camp to come back to.”
“Yeah, but you promised Chiron-“
“I promised I’d keep you from danger.
I can only do that by coming with you!
Tyson can stay
behind and tell them-“
“I want to go,” Tyson said.
“No!”
Annabeth’s voice sounded close to panic.
“I mean … Percy, come on.
You know that’s
impossible.”
I wondered again why she had such a grudge against Cyclopes.
There was something she wasn’t
telling me.
She and Tyson both looked at me, waiting for an answer.
Meanwhile, the cruise ship was getting
farther and farther away.
The thing was, part of me didn’t want Tyson along.
I’d spent the last three days in close quarters
with the guy, getting razzed by the other campers and embarrassed a million times a day, constantly
reminded that I was related to him.
I needed some space.
Plus, I didn’t know how much help he’d be, or how I’d keep him safe.
Sure, he was strong, but
Tyson was a little kid in Cyclops terms, maybe seven or eight years old, mentally.
I could see him
freaking out and starting to cry while we were trying to sneak past a monster or something.
He’d get
us all killed.
On the other hand, the sound of the harpies was getting closer….
“We can’t leave him,” I decided.
“Tantalus will punish him for us being gone.”
“Percy,” Annabeth said, trying to keep her cool, “we’re going to Polyphemus’s island!
Polyphemus is an S-i-k … a C-y-k . ..”
She stamped her foot in frustration.
As smart as she was,
Annabeth was dyslexic, too.
We could’ve been there all night while she tried to spell Cyclops.
“You
know what I mean!”
“Tyson can go,” I insisted, “if he wants to.”
Tyson clapped his hands.
“Want to!”

Annabeth gave me the evil eye, but I guess she could tell I wasn’t going to change my mind.
Or
maybe she just knew we didn’t have time to argue.
“All right,” she said.
“How do we get to that ship?”
“Hermes said my father would help.”
“Well then, Seaweed Brain?
What are you waiting for?”
I’d always had a hard time calling on my father, or praying, or whatever you want to call it, but I
stepped into the waves.
“Urn, Dad?”
I called.
“How’s it going?”
“Percy!”
Annabeth whispered.
“We’re in a hurry!”
“We need your help,” I called a little louder.
“We need to get to that ship, like, before we get
eaten and stuff, so …”
At first, nothing happened.
Waves crashed against the shore like normal.
The harpies sounded like
they were right behind the sand dunes.
Then, about a hundred yards out to sea, three white lines
appeared on the surface.
They moved fast toward the shore, like claws ripping through the ocean.
As they neared the beach, the surf burst apart and the heads of three white stallions reared out of
the waves.
Tyson caught his breath.
“Fish ponies!”
He was right.
As the creatures pulled themselves onto the sand, I saw that they were only horses
in the front; their back halves were silvery fish bodies, with glistening scales and rainbow tail fins.
“Hippocampi!”
Annabeth said.
“They’re beautiful.”
The nearest one whinnied in appreciation and nuzzled Annabeth.
“We’ll admire them later,” I said.
“Come on!”
“There!”
a voice screeched behind us.
“Bad children out of cabins!
Snack time for lucky
harpies!”
Five of them were fluttering over the top of the dunes-plump little hags with pinched faces and
talons and feathery wings too small for their bodies.
They reminded me of miniature cafeteria ladies
who’d been crossbred with dodo birds.
They weren’t very fast, thank the gods, but they were vicious
if they caught you.
“Tyson!”
I said.
“Grab a duffel bag!”
He was still staring at the hippocampi with his mouth hanging open, “Tyson!”
“Uh?”
“Come on!”
With Annabeth’s help I got him moving.
We gathered the bags and mounted our steeds.
Poseidon
must’ve known Tyson was one of the passengers, because one hippocampus was much larger than the
other two-just right for carrying a Cyclops.
“Giddyup!”
I said.
My hippocampus turned and plunged into the waves.
Annabeth’s and Tyson’s
followed right behind.
The harpies cursed at us, wailing for their snacks to come back, but the hippocampi raced over
the water at the speed of Jet Skis.
The harpies fell behind, and soon the shore of Camp Half-Blood
was nothing but a dark smudge.
I wondered if I’d ever see the place again.
But right then I had other
problems.
The cruise ship was now looming in front of us-our ride toward Florida and the Sea of Monsters.
Riding the hippocampus was even easier than riding a pegasus.
We zipped along with the wind in
our faces, speeding through the waves so smooth and steady I hardly needed to hold on at all.
As we got closer to the cruise ship, I realized just how huge it was.
I felt as though I were looking

up at a building in Manhattan.
The white hull was at least ten stories tall, topped with another dozen
levels of decks with brightly lit balconies and portholes.
The ship’s name was painted just above the
bow line in black letters, lit with a spotlight.
It took me a few seconds to decipher it: PRINCESS
ANDROMEDA
Attached to the bow was a huge masthead-a three-story-tall woman wearing a white Greek chiton,
sculpted to look as if she were chained to the front of the ship.
She was young and beautiful, with
flowing black hair, but her expression was one of absolute terror.
Why anybody would want a
screaming princess on the front of their vacation ship, I had no idea.
I remembered the myth about Andromeda and how she had been chained to a rock by her own
parents as a sacrifice to a sea monster.
Maybe she’d gotten too many F’s on her report card or
something.
Anyway, my namesake, Perseus, had saved her just in time and turned the sea monster to
stone using the head of Medusa.
That Perseus always won.
“You first,” I told Annabeth.
She slung her duffel bag over her shoulder and grabbed the bottom rung.
Once she’d hoisted
herself onto the ladder, her hippocampus whinnied a farewell and dove underwater.
Annabeth began
to climb.
I let her get a few rungs up, then followed her.
Finally it was just Tyson in the water.
His hippocampus was treating him to 360° aerials and
backward ollies, and Tyson was laughing so hysterically, the sound echoed up the side of the ship.
“Tyson, shhh!”
I said.
“Come on, big guy!”
“Can’t we take Rainbow?”
he asked, his smile fading.
I stared at him.
“Rainbow?”
The hippocampus whinnied as if he liked his new name.
“Um, we have to go,” I said.
“Rainbow … well, he can’t climb ladders.”
Tyson sniffled.
He buried his face in the hippocampus’s mane.
“I will miss you, Rainbow!”
The hippocampus made a neighing sound I could’ve sworn was crying.
“Maybe we’ll see him again sometime,” I suggested.
“Oh, please!”
Tyson said, perking up immediately.
“Tomorrow!”
I didn’t make any promises, but I finally convinced Tyson to say his farewells and grab hold of
the ladder.
With a final sad whinny, Rainbow the hippocampus did a back-flip and dove into the sea.
The ladder led to a maintenance deck stacked with yellow lifeboats.
There was a set of locked
double doors, which Annabeth managed to pry open with her knife and a fair amount of cursing in
Ancient Greek.
I figured we’d have to sneak around, being stowaways and all, but after checking a few corridors
and peering over a balcony into a huge central promenade lined with closed shops, I began to realize
there was nobody to hide from.
I mean, sure it was the middle of the night, but we walked half the
length of the boat and met no one.
We passed forty or fifty cabin doors and heard no sound behind any
of them.
“It’s a ghost ship,” I murmured.
“No,” Tyson said, fiddling with the strap of his duffel bag.
“Bad smell.”
Annabeth frowned.
“I don’t smell anything.”
“Cyclopes are like satyrs,” I said.
“They can smell monsters.
Isn’t that right, Tyson?”
He nodded nervously.
Now that we were away from Camp Half-Blood, the Mist had distorted his
face again.
Unless I concentrated very hard, it seemed that he had two eyes instead of one.
“Okay,” Annabeth said.
“So what exactly do you smell?”
“Something bad,” Tyson answered.
“Great,” Annabeth grumbled.
“That clears it up.”
We came outside on the swimming pool level.
There were rows of empty deck chairs and a bar
closed off with a chain curtain.
The water in the pool glowed eerily, sloshing back and forth from the
motion of the ship.
Above us fore and aft were more levels-a climbing wall, a putt-putt golf course, a revolving
restaurant, but no sign of life.
And yet … I sensed something familiar.
Something dangerous.
I had the feeling that if I weren’t so
tired and burned out on adrenaline from our long night, I might be able to put a name to what was
wrong.
“We need a hiding place,” I said.
“Somewhere safe to sleep.”
“Sleep,” Annabeth agreed wearily.
We explored a few more corridors until we found an empty suite on the ninth level.
The door was
open, which struck me as weird.
There was a basket of chocolate goodies on the table, an iced-down
bottle of sparkling cider on the nightstand, and a mint on the pillow with a handwritten note that said:
Enjoy your cruise!
We opened our duffel bags for the first time and found that Hermes really had thought of
everything-extra clothes, toiletries, camp rations, a Ziploc bag full of cash, a leather pouch full of
golden drachmas.
He’d even managed to pack Tyson’s oilcloth with his tools and metal bits, and
Annabeth’s cap of invisibility, which made them both feel a lot better.
“I’ll be next door,” Annabeth said.
“You guys don’t drink or eat anything.”
“You think this place is enchanted?”
She frowned.
“I don’t know.
Something isn’t right.
Just … be careful.”
We locked our doors.
Tyson crashed on the couch.
He tinkered for a few minutes on his metalworking project-which he
still wouldn’t show me-but soon enough he was yawning.
He wrapped up his oilcloth and passed out.
I lay on the bed and stared out the porthole.
I thought I heard voices out in the hallway, like
whispering.
I knew that couldn’t be.
We’d walked all over the ship and had seen nobody.
But the
voices kept me awake.
They reminded me of my trip to the Underworld-the way the spirits of the
dead sounded as they drifted past.
Finally my weariness got the best of me.
I fell asleep … and had my worst dream yet.
I was standing in a cavern at the edge of an enormous pit.
I knew the place too well.
The entrance
to Tartarus.
And I recognized the cold laugh that echoed from the darkness below.
If it isn’t the young hero.
The voice was like a knife blade scraping across stone.
On his way to
another great victory.
I wanted to shout at Kronos to leave me alone.
I wanted to draw Riptide and strike him down.
But
I couldn’t move.
And even if I could, how could I kill something that had already been destroyedchopped to pieces and cast into eternal darkness?
Don’t let me stop you, the titan said.
Perhaps this time, when you fail, you’ll wonder if it’s
worthwhile slaving for the gods.
How exactly has your father shown his appreciation lately?
His laughter filled the cavern, and suddenly the scene changed.
It was a different cave-Grover’s bedroom prison in the Cyclops’s lair.
Grover was sitting at the loom in his soiled wedding dress, madly unraveling the threads of the
unfinished bridal train.
“Honeypie!”
the monster shouted from behind the boulder.
Grover yelped and began weaving the threads back together.
The room shook as the boulder was pushed aside.
Looming in the doorway was a Cyclops so
huge he made Tyson look vertically challenged.
He had jagged yellow teeth and gnarled hands as big
as my whole body.
He wore a faded purple T-shirt that said WORLD SHEEP EXPO 2001.
He
must’ve been at least fifteen feet tall, but the most startling thing was his enormous milky eye, scarred
and webbed with cataracts.
If he wasn’t completely blind, he had to be pretty darn close.
“What are you doing?”
the monster demanded.
“Nothing!”
Before Annabeth or I could reply, a reptilian voice came from down the corridor, “Ssssix more
joined yesssterday.”
Annabeth gestured frantically toward the nearest hiding place-the women’s room-and all three of
us ducked inside.
I was so freaked out it didn’t even occur to me to be embarrassed.
Something-or more like two somethings-slithered past the bathroom door, making sounds like
sandpaper against the carpet.
“Yesss,” a second reptilian voice said.
“He drawssss them.
Ssssoon we will be sssstrong.”
The things slithered into the cafeteria with a cold hissing that might have been snake laughter.
Annabeth looked at me.
“We have to get out of here.”
“You think I want to be in the girls’ restroom?”
“I mean the ship, Percy!
We have to get off the ship.”
“Smells bad,” Tyson agreed.
“And dogs eat all the eggs.
Annabeth is right.
We must leave the
restroom and ship.”
I shuddered.
If Annabeth and Tyson were actually agreeing about something, I figured I’d better
listen.
Then I heard another voice outside-one that chilled me worse than any monster’s.
“-only a matter of time.
Don’t push me, Agrius!”
Annabeth and I exchanged looks and came to a silent agreement.
“We can’t,” I told Tyson.
I didn’t want Tyson
to carry everything, but he insisted, and Annabeth told me not to worry about it.
Tyson could carry
three full duffel bags over his shoulder as easily as I could carry a backpack.
We sneaked through the corridors, following the ship’s YOU ARE HERE signs toward the
admiralty suite.
Annabeth scouted ahead invisibly.
We hid whenever someone passed by, but most of
the people we saw were just glassy-eyed zombie passengers.
As we came up the stairs to deck thirteen, where the admiralty suite was supposed to be,
Annabeth hissed, “Hide!” and shoved us into a supply closet.
I heard a couple of guys coming down the hall.
“You see that Aethiopian drakon in the cargo hold?” one of them said.
The other laughed.
“Yeah, it’s awesome.”
Annabeth was still invisible, but she squeezed my arm hard.
I got a feeling I should know that
second guy’s voice.
“I hear they got two more coming,” the familiar voice said.
“They keep arriving at this rate, oh,
man-no contest!”
The voices faded down the corridor.
“That was Chris Rodriguez!”
Annabeth took off her cap and turned visible.
“You remember-from
Cabin Eleven.”
I sort of recalled Chris from the summer before.
He was one of those undetermined campers who
got stuck in the Hermes cabin because his Olympian dad or mom never claimed him.
Now that I
thought about it, I realized I hadn’t seen Chris at camp this summer.
“What’s another half-blood doing
here?”
Annabeth shook her head, clearly troubled.
We kept going down the corridor.
but that’s not what had
caught Annabeth’s attention.
A group of monsters had assembled in front of the candy store: a dozen Laistrygonian giants like
the ones who’d attacked me with dodge balls, two hellhounds, and a few even stranger creatures-

humanoid females with twin serpent tails instead of legs.
“Scythian Dracaenae,” Annabeth whispered.
“Dragon women.”
The monsters made a semicircle around a young guy in Greek armor who was hacking on a straw
dummy.
A lump formed in my throat when I realized the dummy was wearing an orange Camp HalfBlood T-shirt.
As we watched, the guy in armor stabbed the dummy through its belly and ripped
upward.
Straw flew everywhere.
The monsters cheered and howled.
Annabeth stepped away from the window.
Her face was ashen.
“Come on,” I told her, trying to sound braver than I felt.
We could use your
intelligence, Annabeth.”
“Because you have none of your own!”
His eyes narrowed.
“I know you, Annabeth.
You deserve better than tagging along on some
hopeless quest to save the camp.
Half-Blood Hill will be overrun by monsters within the month.
The

heroes who survive will have no choice but to join us or be hunted to extinction.
You really want to
be on a losing team … with company like this?”
I’m
surprised at you, Annabeth.
You of all people-“
“Stop it!”
she shouted.
I didn’t know what Luke was talking about, but Annabeth buried her head in her hands like she
was about to cry.
“Leave her alone,” I said.
“And leave Tyson out this.”
Annabeth said.
“Your mother was born from Zeus’s split skull, Annabeth.
I wouldn’t talk.
Soon there will be enough of the titan lord so that we can make him whole again.
We will piece
together a new body for him, a work worthy of the forges of Hephaestus.”
“You’re insane,” Annabeth said.
“Join us and you’ll be rewarded.
We have powerful friends, sponsors rich enough to buy this
cruise ship and much more.
Percy, your mother will never have to work again.
You can buy her a
mansion.
You can have power, fame-whatever you want.
Annabeth, you can realize your dream of
being an architect.
You can build a monument to last a thousand years.
A temple to the lords of the
next age!”
“Go to Tartarus,” she said.
“How do you launch this thing?” screamed Annabeth.
A hellhound leaped at me, but Tyson slammed it aside with a fire extinguisher.
“Get in!”
I yelled.
I uncapped Riptide and slashed the first volley of arrows out of the air.
Any
second we would be overwhelmed.
The lifeboat was hanging over the side of the ship, high above the water.
Annabeth and Tyson
were having no luck with the release pulley.
I jumped in beside them.
“Hold on!”
I yelled, and I cut the ropes.
A shower of arrows whistled over our heads as we free-fell toward the ocean.
Percy Jackson 2 - The Sea Monsters
TEN
WE HITCH A RIDE WITH
DEAD CONFEDERATES
“Thermos!”
I screamed as we hurtled toward the water.
“What?”
Annabeth must’ve thought I’d lost my mind.
She was holding on to the boat straps for
dear life, her hair flying straight up like a torch.
But Tyson understood.
He managed to open my duffel bag and take out Hermes’s magical thermos
without losing his grip on it or the boat.
Arrows and javelins whistled past us.
I grabbed the thermos and hoped I was doing the right thing.
“Hang on!”
“I am hanging on!”
Annabeth yelled.
“Tighter!”
I hooked my feet under the boat’s inflatable bench, and as Tyson grabbed Annabeth and me by the
backs of our shirts, I gave the thermos cap a quarter turn.
Instantly, a white sheet of wind jetted out of the thermos and propelled us sideways, turning our
downward plummet into a forty-five-degree crash landing.
The wind seemed to laugh as it shot from the thermos, like it was glad to be free.
As we hit the
ocean, we bumped once, twice, skipping like a stone, then we were whizzing along like a speed boat,
salt spray in our faces and nothing but sea ahead.
I heard a wail of outrage from the ship behind us, but we were already out of weapon range.
The
Princess Andromeda faded to the size of a white toy boat in the distance, and then it was gone.
As we raced over the sea, Annabeth and I tried to send an Iris-message to Chiron.
When Annabeth threw a gold drachma into the
mist and prayed for the rainbow goddess to show us Chiron, his face appeared all right, but there was
some kind of weird strobe light flashing in the background and rock music blaring, like he was at a
dance club.
Annabeth said as we approached the shoreline.
“Oh my gods, how did
the Princess Andromeda travel so far overnight?
That’s like-“
“Five hundred and thirty nautical miles,” I said.
She stared at me.
“How did you know that?”
“I-I’m not sure.”
Annabeth thought for a moment.
“Percy, what’s our position?”
“36 degrees, 44 minutes north, 76 degrees, 2 minutes west,” I said immediately.
Then I shook my
head.
“Whoa. How did I know that?”
“Because of your dad,” Annabeth guessed.
“When you’re at sea, you have perfect bearings.
That
is so cool.”
I wasn’t sure about that.
I didn’t want to be a human GPS unit.
But before I could say anything,
Tyson tapped my shoulder.
“Other boat is coming.”
I looked back.
The coast guard vessel was definitely on our tail now.
Its lights were flashing and
it was gaining speed.
“We can’t let them catch us,” I said.
“They’ll ask too many questions.”
“Keep going into Chesapeake Bay,” Annabeth said.
“I know a place we can hide.”
I didn’t ask what she meant, or how she knew the area so well.
I risked loosening the thermos cap
a little more, and a fresh burst of wind sent us rocketing around the northern tip of Virginia Beach into
Chesapeake Bay.
The coast guard boat fell farther and farther behind.
We didn’t slow down until the
shores of the bay narrowed on either side, and I realized we’d entered the mouth of a river.
I could feel the change from salt water to fresh water.
Suddenly I was tired and frazzled, like I
was coming down off a sugar high.
I didn’t know where I was anymore, or which way to steer the
boat.
It was a good thing Annabeth was directing me.
“There,” she said.
“Past that sandbar.”
We veered into a swampy area choked with marsh grass.
I beached the lifeboat at the foot of a
giant cypress.
Vine-covered trees loomed above us.
Insects chirred in the woods.
The air was muggy and hot,
and steam curled off the river.
Basically, it wasn’t Manhattan, and I didn’t like it.
“Come on,” Annabeth said.
“It’s just down the bank.”
“What is?”
I asked.
“Just follow.”
She grabbed a duffel bag.
“And we’d better cover the boat.
We don’t want to draw
attention.”
After burying the lifeboat with branches, Tyson and I followed Annabeth along the shore, our feet
sinking in red mud.
A snake slithered past my shoe and disappeared into the grass.
“Not a good place,” Tyson said.
He swatted the mosquitoes that were forming a buffet line on his
arm.
After another few minutes, Annabeth said, “Here.”
All I saw was a patch of brambles.
Then Annabeth moved aside a woven circle of branches, like
a door, and I realized I was looking into a camouflaged shelter.
The inside was big enough for three, even with Tyson being the third.
The walls were woven
from plant material, like a Native American hut, but they looked pretty waterproof.
Stacked in the
corner was everything you could want for a campout-sleeping bags, blankets, an ice chest, and a
kerosene lamp.
There were demigod provisions, too- bronze javelin tips, a quiver full of arrows, an
extra sword, and a box of ambrosia.
The place smelled musty, like it had been vacant for a long time.
“A half-blood hideout.”
I looked at Annabeth in awe.
You made this place?”
“Thalia and I,” she said quietly.
But
whenever Annabeth talked about the time she’d spent with them, I kind of felt … I don’t know.
Uncomfortable?
No.
That’s not the word.
The word was jealous.
“So …” I said.
Once he was gone, I sat down across from Annabeth.
I hoped I’d been imagining it, but Annabeth nodded.
“I was thinking the same thing.
What we
overheard him say about a gamble, and ‘they’ll take the bait’…
I think he was talking about us.”
“The Fleece is the bait?
“He’s a monster.”
“Aw, c’mon, Annabeth.
Monster Donut doesn’t mean monsters!
It’s a chain.
We’ve got them in
New York.”
“A chain,” she agreed.
“And don’t you think it’s strange that one appeared immediately after you
told Tyson to get donuts?
Right here in the middle of the woods?”
I thought about it.
It did seem a little weird, but, I mean, donut shops weren’t real high on my list
of sinister forces.
“It could be a nest,” Annabeth explained.
Tyson whimpered.
I doubt he understood what Annabeth was saying any better than I did, but her
tone was making him nervous.
He’d plowed through half a dozen donuts from his box and was getting
powdered sugar all over his face.
“A nest for what?”
I asked.
“Haven’t you ever wondered how franchise stores pop up so fast?”
she asked.
“One day there’s
nothing and then the next day-boom, there’s a new burger place or a coffee shop or whatever?
First a
single store, then two, then four- exact replicas spreading across the country?”
“Um, no.
Never thought about it.”
“Percy, some of the chains multiply so fast because all their locations are magically linked to the

life force of a monster.
Some children of Hermes figured out how to do it back in the 1950s.
They
breed-“
She froze.
“What?” I demanded.
“They breed what?”
“No-sudden-moves,” Annabeth said, like her life depended on it.
“Very slowly, turn around.”
Then I heard it: a scraping noise, like something large dragging its belly through the leaves.
I turned and saw a rhino-size thing moving through the shadows of the trees.
It was hissing, its
front half writhing in all different directions.
I couldn’t understand what I was seeing at first.
Then I
realized the thing had multiple necks-at least seven, each topped with a hissing reptilian head.
Its skin
was leathery, and under each neck it wore a plastic bib that read: I’M A MONSTER DONUT KID!
I took out my ballpoint pen, but Annabeth locked eyes with me-a silent warning.
Not yet.
I understood.
A lot of monsters have terrible eyesight.
It was possible the Hydra might pass us by.
But if I uncapped my sword now, the bronze glow would certainly get its attention.
We waited.
The Hydra was only a few feet away.
It seemed to be sniffing the ground and the trees like it was
hunting for something.
Then I noticed that two of the heads were ripping apart a piece of yellow
canvas-one of our duffel bags.
The thing had already been to our campsite.
It was following our scent.
My heart pounded.
I’d seen a stuffed Hydra-head trophy at camp before, but that did nothing to
prepare me for the real thing.
Each head was diamond-shaped, like a rattlesnake’s, but the mouths
were lined with jagged rows of sharklike teeth.
Tyson was trembling.
He stepped back and accidentally snapped a twig.
Immediately, all seven
heads turned toward us and hissed.
“Scatter!”
Annabeth yelled.
She dove to the right.
I rolled to the left.
One of the Hydra heads spat an arc of green liquid that shot past my shoulder
and splashed against an elm.
The trunk smoked and began to disintegrate.
The whole tree toppled
straight toward Tyson, who still hadn’t moved, petrified by the monster that was now right in front of
him.
“Tyson!”
I tackled him with all my might, knocking him aside just as the Hydra lunged and the tree
crashed on top of two of its heads.
The Hydra stumbled backward, yanking its heads free then wailing in outrage at the fallen tree.
All seven heads shot acid, and the elm melted into a steaming pool of muck.
“Move!”
I told Tyson.
I ran to one side and uncapped Riptide, hoping to draw the monster’s
attention.
It worked.
The sight of celestial bronze is hateful to most monsters.
As soon as my glowing blade appeared,
the Hydra whipped toward it with all its heads, hissing and baring its teeth.
The good news: Tyson was momentarily out of danger.
The bad news: I was about to be melted
into a puddle of goo.
One of the heads snapped at me experimentally.
Without thinking, I swung my sword.
“No!”
Annabeth yelled.
Too late.
I sliced the Hydra’s head clean off.
It rolled away into the grass, leaving a flailing
stump, which immediately stopped bleeding and began to swell like a balloon.
In a matter of seconds the wounded neck split into two necks, each of which grew a full-size head.
Now I was looking at an eight-headed Hydra.
“Percy!”
Annabeth scolded.
“You just opened another Monster Donut shop somewhere!”
I dodged a spray of acid.
“I’m about to die and you’re worried about that?
How do we kill it?”
“Fire!”
Annabeth said.
“We have to have fire!”
As soon as she said that, I remembered the story.
The Hydra’s heads would only stop multiplying
if we burned the stumps before they regrew.
That’s what Heracles had done, anyway.
But we had no
fire.
I backed up toward river.
The Hydra followed.
Annabeth moved in on my left and tried to distract one of the heads, parrying its teeth with her
knife, but another head swung sideways like a club and knocked her into the muck.
“No hitting my friends!”
Tyson charged in, putting himself between the Hydra and Annabeth.
As
Annabeth got to her feet, Tyson started smashing at the monster heads with his fists so fast it reminded
me of the whack-a-mole game at the arcade.
But even Tyson couldn’t fend off the Hydra forever.
We kept inching backward, dodging acid splashes and deflecting snapping heads without cutting
them off, but I knew we were only postponing our deaths.
Eventually, we would make a mistake and
the thing would kill us.
Then I heard a strange sound-a chug-chug-chug that at first I thought was my heartbeat.
It was so
powerful it made the riverbank shake.
“What’s that noise?”
Annabeth shouted, keeping her eyes on the Hydra.
“Steam engine,” Tyson said.
“What?”
I ducked as the Hydra spat acid over my head.
Then from the river behind us, a familiar female voice shouted: “There!
Prepare the thirty-twopounder!”
I didn’t dare look away from the Hydra, but if that was who I thought it was behind us, I figured
we now had enemies on two fronts.
A gravelly male voice said, “They’re too close, m’lady!”
“Damn the heroes!”
the girl said.
“Full steam ahead!”
“Aye, m’lady.”
“Fire at will, Captain!”
Annabeth understood what was happening a split second before I did.
She yelled, “Hit the dirt!”
and we dove for the ground as an earth-shattering BOOM echoed from the river.
There was a flash of
light, a column of smoke, and the Hydra exploded right in front of us, showering us with nasty green
slime that vaporized as soon as it hit, the way monster guts tend to do.
“Gross!” screamed Annabeth.
“Steamship!” yelled Tyson.
I stood, coughing from the cloud of gunpowder smoke that was rolling across the banks.
Chugging toward us down the river was the strangest ship I’d ever seen.
It rode low in the water
like a submarine, its deck plated with iron.
In the middle was a trapezoid-shaped casemate with slats
on each side for cannons.
A flag waved from the top-a wild boar and spear on a bloodred field.
Lining the deck were zombies in gray uniforms- dead soldiers with shimmering faces that only
partially covered their skulls, like the ghouls I’d seen in the Underworld guarding Hades’s palace.
The ship was an ironclad.
A Civil War battle cruiser.
I could just make out the name along the
prow in moss-covered letters: CSS Birmingham.
They approved of Annabeth because she told them she was from
Virginia.
They were interested in me, too, because my name was Jackson-like the Southern generalbut
then I ruined it by telling them I was from New York.
They all hissed and muttered curses about
Yankees.
Tyson was terrified of them.
All through the tour, he insisted Annabeth hold his hand, which she
didn’t look too thrilled about.
Finally, we were escorted to dinner.
The CSS Birmingham captain’s quarters were about the size
of a walk-in closet, but still much bigger than any other room on board.
The table was set with white
linen and china.
Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, potato chips, and Dr Peppers were served by
skeletal crewmen.
I didn’t want to eat anything served by ghosts, but my hunger overruled my fear.
“You don’t understand,” Annabeth said.
We have to combine forces.
Let us help you-
I crept back from the ventilation grate and made my way upstairs to join Annabeth and Tyson on
the spar deck.
“What’s wrong?”
Annabeth asked me.
“Another dream?”
I nodded, but I didn’t say anything.
I didn’t know what to think about what I’d seen downstairs.
It
bothered me almost as much as the dream about Grover.
Annabeth said.
“That’s another gateway.
Jason used it.”
“We need a backup plan,” Annabeth said.
“This isn’t going to work.”
“Annabeth is right,” Tyson said.
“Engine’s no good.”
“What do you mean?”
she asked.
“Pressure.
Pistons need fixing.”
Before he could explain, the cosmic toilet flushed with a mighty roaaar!
The ship lurched forward
and I was thrown to the deck.
We were in the whirlpool.
“Full reverse!”
“You?”
“He’s a Cyclops,” Annabeth said.
“He’s immune to fire.
Annabeth said.
“Wait!”
Annabeth said.
Clarisse took Annabeth’s command.
She and a few of her undead sailors uncovered one of the
two emergency rowboats while Scylla’s heads rained from the sky like a meteor shower with teeth,
picking off Confederate sailors one after another.
“Get the other boat.”
I threw Annabeth the thermos.
“I’ll get Tyson.”
“You can’t!”
she said.
“The heat will kill you!”
I didn’t listen.
I ran for the boiler room hatch, when suddenly my feet weren’t touching the deck
anymore.
I was flying straight up, the wind whistling in my ears, the side of the cliff only inches from
my face.
Scylla had somehow caught me by the knapsack, and was lifting me up toward her lair.
Without
thinking, I swung my sword behind me and managed to jab the thing in her beady yellow eye.
She
grunted and dropped me.
The fall would’ve been bad enough, considering I was a hundred feet in the air.
But as I fell, the
CSS Birmingham exploded below me.
KAROOM!
The engine room blew, sending chunks of ironclad flying in either direction like a fiery set of
wings.
“Tyson!”
I yelled.
The lifeboats had managed to get away from the ship, but not very far.
Flaming wreckage was
raining down.
Clarisse and Annabeth would either be smashed or burned or pulled to the bottom by

the force of the sinking hull, and that was thinking optimistically, assuming they got away from Scylla.
Then I heard a different kind of explosion-the sound of Hermes’s magic thermos being opened a
little too far.
White sheets of wind blasted in every direction, scattering the lifeboats, lifting me out of
my free fall and propelling me across the ocean.
I couldn’t see anything.
I spun in the air, got clonked on the head by something hard, and hit the
water with a crash that would’ve broken every bone in my body if I hadn’t been the son of the Sea
God.
The last thing I remembered was sinking in a burning sea, knowing that Tyson was gone forever,
and wishing I were able to drown.
Percy Jackson 2 - The Sea Monsters
TWELVE
WE CHECK IN TO
C.C.’S SPA & RESORT
I woke up in a rowboat with a makeshift sail stitched of gray uniform fabric.
Annabeth sat next to
me, tacking into the wind.
I tried to sit up and immediately felt woozy.
“Rest,” she said.
“You’re going to need it.”
“Tyson … ?”
She shook her head.
“Percy, I’m really sorry.”
We were silent while the waves tossed us up and down.
“He may have survived,” she said halfheartedly.
“I mean, fire can’t kill him.”
I nodded, but I had no reason to feel hopeful.
I’d seen that explosion rip through solid iron.
If
Tyson had been down in the boiler room, there was no way he could’ve lived.
He’d given his life for us, and all I could think about were the times I’d felt embarrassed by him
and had denied that the two of us were related.
Waves lapped at the boat.
Annabeth showed me some things she’d salvaged from the wreckageHermes’s thermos (now empty), a Ziploc bag full of ambrosia, a couple of sailors’ shirts, and a bottle
of Dr Pepper.
She’d fished me out of the water and found my knapsack, bitten in half by Scylla’s
teeth.
Most of my stuff had floated away, but I still had Hermes’s bottle of multivitamins, and of
course I had Riptide.
The ballpoint pen always appeared back in my pocket no matter where I lost it.
We sailed for hours.
Now that we were in the Sea of Monsters, the water glittered a more
brilliant green, like Hydra acid.
The wind smelled fresh and salty, but it carried a strange metallic
scent, too-as if a thunderstorm were coming.
Or something even more dangerous.
I knew what
direction we needed to go.
I knew we were exactly one hundred thirteen nautical miles west by
northwest of our destination.
But that didn’t make me feel any less lost.
No matter which way we turned, the sun seemed to shine straight into my eyes.
We took turns
sipping from the Dr Pepper, shading ourselves with the sail as best we could.
And we talked about
my latest dream of Grover.
Annabeth and I exchanged looks.
Annabeth said, “Umm …”
“First-time-at-spa,” the lady said as she wrote on her clipboard.
“Let’s see …”
She looked us up and down critically.
“Mmm.
An herbal wrap to start for the young lady.
And of
course, a complete makeover for the young gentleman.”
“A what?”
I asked.
She was too busy jotting down notes to answer.
“Right!”
She said with a breezy smile.
“Well, I’m sure C.C. will want to speak with you
personally before the luau.
Come, please.”
Now here’s the thing.
Annabeth and I were used to traps, and usually those traps looked good at
first.
So I expected the clipboard lady to turn into a snake or a demon, or something, any minute.
But
on the other hand, we’d been floating in a rowboat for most of the day.
I was hot, tired, and hungry,
and when this lady mentioned a luau, my stomach sat up on its hind legs and begged like a dog.
“I guess it couldn’t hurt,” Annabeth muttered.
Of course it could, but we followed the lady anyway.
I kept my hands in my pockets where I’d
stashed my only magic defenses-Hermes’s multivitamins and Riptide-
but the farther we wandered
into the resort, the more I forgot about them.
The place was amazing.
There was white marble and blue water everywhere I looked.
Terraces
climbed up the side of the mountain, with swimming pools on every level, connected by watersides
and waterfalls and underwater tubes you could swim through.
Fountains sprayed water into the air,
forming impossible shapes, like flying eagles and galloping horses.
Tyson loved horses, and I knew he’d love those fountains.
I almost turned around to see the
expression on his face before I remembered: Tyson was gone.
“You okay?”
Annabeth asked me.
“You look pale.”
“I’m okay,” I lied.
“Just … let’s keep walking.”
We passed all kinds of tame animals.
A sea turtle napped in a stack of beach towels.
A leopard
stretched out asleep on the diving board.
The resort guests-only young women, as far as I could seelounged in deck chairs, drinking fruit smoothies or reading magazines while herbal gunk dried on
their faces and manicurists in white uniforms did their nails.
As we headed up a staircase toward what looked like the main building, I heard a woman singing.
Her voice drifted through the air like a lullaby.
Her words were in some language other than Ancient
Greek, but just as old-Minoan, maybe, or something like that.
I could understand what she sang aboutmoonlight in the olive groves, the colors of the sunrise.
And magic.
Something about magic.
Her
voice seemed to lift me off the steps and carry me toward her.
We came into a big room where the whole front wall was windows.
The back wall was covered
in mirrors, so the room seemed to go on forever.
There was a bunch of expensive-looking white

furniture, and on a table in one corner was a large wire pet cage.
The cage seemed out of place, but I
didn’t think about it too much, because just then I saw the lady who’d been singing … and whoa.
She sat at a loom the size of a big screen TV, her hands weaving colored thread back and forth
with amazing skill.
The tapestry shimmered like it was three dimensional-a waterfall scene so real I
could see the water moving and clouds drifting across a fabric sky.
Annabeth caught her breath.
“It’s beautiful.”
The woman turned.
She was even prettier than her fabric.
Her long dark hair was braided with
threads of gold.
She had piercing green eyes and she wore a silky black dress with shapes that
seemed to move in the fabric: animal shadows, black upon black, like deer running through a forest at
night.
“You appreciate weaving, my dear?”
the woman asked.
“Oh, yes, ma’am!”
Annabeth said.
“My mother is-“
She stopped herself.
You couldn’t just go around announcing that your mom was Athena, the
goddess who invented the loom.
Most people would lock you in a rubber room.
Our hostess just smiled.
“You have good taste, my dear.
I’m so glad you’ve come.
My name is
C.C.”
The animals in the corner cage started squealing.
They must’ve been guinea pigs, from the sound
of them.
We introduced ourselves to C.C.
She looked me over with a twinge of disapproval, as if I’d
failed some kind of test.
Immediately, I felt bad.
For some reason, I really wanted to please this lady.
“Oh, dear,” she sighed.
“You do need my help.”
“Ma’am?”
I asked.
C.C. called to the lady in the business suit.
“Hylla, take Annabeth on a tour, will you?
Show her
what we have available.
The clothing will need to change.
And the hair, my goodness.
We will do a
full image consultation after I’ve spoken with this young gentleman.”
“But …” Annabeth’s voice sounded hurt.
“What’s wrong with my hair?”
C.C. smiled benevolently.
“My dear, you are lovely.
Really!
But you’re not showing off yourself
or your talents at all.
So much wasted potential!”
“Wasted?”
“Well, surely you’re not happy the way you are!
My goodness, there’s not a single person who is.
But don’t worry.
We can improve anyone here at the spa.
Hylla will show you what I mean.
You, my
dear, need to unlock your true self!”
Annabeth’s eyes glowed with longing.
I’d never seen her so much at a loss for words.
“But …
what about Percy?”
“Oh, definitely,” C.C. said, giving me a sad look.
“Percy requires my personal attention.
He needs
much more work than you.”
Normally if somebody had told me that, I would’ve gotten angry, but when C.C. said it, I felt sad.
I’d disappointed her.
I had to figure out how to do better.
The guinea pigs squealed like they were hungry.
“Well …” Annabeth said.
“I suppose …”
“Right this way, dear,” Hylla said.
And Annabeth allowed herself to be led away into the
waterfall-laced gardens of the spa.
C.C. took my arm and guided me toward the mirrored wall.
“You see, Percy … to unlock your
potential, you’ll need serious help.
The first step is admitting that you’re not happy the way you are.”
I fidgeted in the front of the mirror.
I hated thinking about my appearance-like the first zit that had

cropped up on my nose at the beginning of the school year, or the fact that my two front teeth weren’t
perfectly even, or that my hair never stayed down straight.
C.C.’s voice brought all of these things to mind, as if she were passing me under a microscope.
And my clothes were not cool.
I knew that.
Who cares?
Part of me thought.
But standing in front of C.C.’s mirror, it was hard to see anything
good in myself.
“There, there,” C.C. consoled.
“How about we try … this.”
She snapped her fingers and a sky-blue curtain rolled down over the mirror.
It shimmered like the
fabric on her loom.
“What do you see?”
C.C. asked.
I looked at the blue cloth, not sure what she meant.
“I don’t-“
Then it changed colors.
I saw myself-a reflection, but not a reflection.
Shimmering there on the
cloth was a cooler version of Percy Jackson-with just the right clothes, a confident smile on my face.
My teeth were straight.
No zits.
A perfect tan.
More athletic.
Maybe a couple of inches taller.
It was
me, without the faults.
“Whoa,” I managed.
“Do you want that?”
C.C. asked.
“Or shall I try a different-“
“No,” I said.
“That’s … that’s amazing.
Can you really-“
“I can give you a full makeover,” C.C. promised.
“What’s the catch?”
I said.
“I have to like … eat a special diet?”
“Oh, it’s quite easy,” C.C. said.
“Plenty of fresh fruit, a mild exercise program, and of course …
this.”
She stepped over to her wet bar and filled a glass with water.
Then she ripped open a drink-mix
packet and poured in some red powder.
The mixture began to glow.
When it faded, the drink looked
just like a strawberry milk shake.
“One of these, substituted for a regular meal,” C.C. said.
“I guarantee you’ll see results
immediately.”
“How is that possible?”
She laughed.
“Why question it?
I mean, don’t you want the perfect you right away?”
Something nagged at the back of my mind.
“Why are there no guys at this spa?”
“Oh, but there are,” C.C. assured me.
“You’ll meet them quite soon.
Just try the mixture.
You’ll
see.”
I looked at the blue tapestry, at the reflection of me, but not me.
“Now, Percy,” C.C. chided.
“The hardest part of the makeover process is giving up control.
You
have to decide: do you want to trust your judgment about what you should be, or my judgment?”
My throat felt dry.
I heard myself say, “Your judgment.”
C.C. smiled and handed me the glass.
I lifted it to my lips.
It tasted just like it looked-like a strawberry milk shake.
Almost immediately a warm feeling
spread through my gut: pleasant at first, then painfully hot, searing, as if the mixture were coming to a
boil inside of me.
I doubled over and dropped the cup.
“What have you … what’s happening?”
“Don’t worry, Percy,” C.C. said.
“The pain will pass.
Look!
As I promised.
Immediate results.”
Something was horribly wrong.
The curtain dropped away, and in the mirror I saw my hands shriveling, curling, growing long
delicate claws.
Fur sprouted on my face, under my shirt, in every uncomfortable place you can

imagine.
My teeth felt too heavy in my mouth.
My clothes were getting too big, or C.C. was getting too
tall-no, I was shrinking.
In one awful flash, I sank into a cavern of dark cloth.
I was buried in my own shirt.
I tried to run
but hands grabbed me-hands as big as I was.
I tried to scream for help, but all that came out of my
mouth was, “Reeet, reeet, reeet!”
The giant hands squeezed me around the middle, lifting me into the air.
I struggled and kicked with
legs and arms that seemed much too stubby, and then I was staring, horrified, into the enormous face
of C.C.
“Perfect!”
her voice boomed.
I squirmed in alarm, but she only tightened her grip around my furry
belly.
“See, Percy?
You’ve unlocked your true self!”
She held me up to the mirror, and what I saw made me scream in terror, “Reeet, reeet, reeet!”
There was C.C., beautiful and smiling, holding a fluffy, bucktoothed creature with tiny claws and
white and orange fur.
When I twisted, so did the furry critter in the mirror.
I was … I was …
“A guinea pig,” C.C. said.
“Lovely, aren’t you?
Men are pigs, Percy Jackson.
I used to turn them
into real pigs, but they were so smelly and large and difficult to keep.
Not much different than they
were before, really.
Guinea pigs are much more convenient!
Now come, and meet the other men.”
“Reeet!”
I protested, trying to scratch her, but C.C. squeezed me so tight I almost blacked out.
“None of that, little one,” she scolded, “or I’ll feed you to the owls.
Go into the cage like a good
little pet.
Tomorrow, if you behave, you’ll be on your way.
There is always a classroom in need of a
new guinea pig.”
My mind was racing as fast as my tiny little heart.
I needed to get back to my clothes, which were
lying in a heap on the floor.
If I could do that, I could get Riptide out of my pocket and … And what?
I
couldn’t uncap the pen.
Even if I did, I couldn’t hold the sword.
I squirmed helplessly as C.C. brought me over to the guinea pig cage and opened the wire door.
“Meet my discipline problems, Percy,” she warned.
“They’ll never make good classroom pets,
but they might teach you some manners.
Most of them have been in this cage for three hundred years.
If you don’t want to stay with them permanently, I’d suggest you-“
Annabeth’s voice called: “Miss C.C.?”
C.C. cursed in Ancient Greek.
She plopped me into the cage and closed the door.
I squealed and
clawed at the bars, but it was no good.
I watched as C.C. hurriedly kicked my clothes under the loom
just as Annabeth came in.
I almost didn’t recognize her.
She was wearing a sleeveless silk dress like C.C.’s, only white.
Her blond hair was newly washed and combed and braided with gold.
Worst of all, she was wearing
makeup, which I never thought Annabeth would be caught dead in.
I mean, she looked good.
Really
good.
I probably would’ve been tongue-tied if I could’ve said anything except reet, reet, reet.
But
there was also something totally wrong about it.
It just wasn’t Annabeth.
She looked around the room and frowned.
“Where’s Percy?”
I squealed up a storm, but she didn’t seem to hear me.
C.C. smiled.
“He’s having one of our treatments, my dear.
Not to worry.
You look wonderful!
What did you think of your tour?”
Annabeth’s eyes brightened.
“Your library is amazing!”
“Yes, indeed,” C.C. said, “The best knowledge of the past three millennia.
Anything you want to
study, anything you want to be, my dear.”
“An architect?”
“Pah!”
C.C. said.
“You, my dear, have the makings of a sorceress.
Like me.”

Annabeth took a step back.
“A sorceress?”
“Yes, my dear.”
C.C. held up her hand.
A flame appeared in her palm and danced across her
fingertips.
“My mother is Hecate, the goddess of magic.
I know a daughter of Athena when I see one.
We are not so different, you and I.
We both seek knowledge.
We both admire greatness.
Neither of us
needs to stand in the shadow of men.”
“I-I don’t understand.”
Again, I squealed my best, trying to get Annabeth’s attention, but she either couldn’t hear me or
didn’t think the noises were important.
Meanwhile, the other guinea pigs were emerging from their
hutch to check me out.
I didn’t think it was possible for guinea pigs to look mean, but these did.
There
were half a dozen, with dirty fur and cracked teeth and beady red eyes.
They were covered with
shavings and smelled like they really had been in here for three hundred years, without getting their
cage cleaned.
“Stay with me,” C.C. was telling Annabeth.
“Study with me.
You can join our staff, become a
sorceress, learn to bend others to your will.
You will become immortal!”
“But-“
“You are too intelligent, my dear,” C.C. said.
“You know better than to trust that silly camp for
heroes.
How many great female half-blood heroes can you name?”
“Um, Atalanta, Amelia Earhart-
“
“Bah!
Men get all the glory.”
C.C. closed her fist and extinguished the magic flame.
“The only
way to power for women is sorcery.
Medea, Calypso, now there were powerful women!
And me, of
course.
The greatest of all.”
“You … C.C. … Circe!”
“Yes, my dear.”
Annabeth backed up, and Circe laughed.
“You need not worry.
I mean you no harm.”
“What have you done to Percy?”
“Only helped him realize his true form.”
Annabeth scanned the room.
Finally she saw the cage, and me scratching at the bars, all the other
guinea pigs crowding around me.
Her eyes went wide.
“Forget him,” Circe said.
“Join me and learn the ways of sorcery.”
“But-“
“Your friend will be well cared for.
He’ll be shipped to a wonderful new home on the mainland.
The kindergartners will adore him.
Meanwhile, you will be wise and powerful.
You will have all
you ever wanted.”
Annabeth was still staring at me, but she had a dreamy expression on her face.
She looked the
same way I had when Circe enchanted me into drinking the guinea pig milk shake.
I squealed and
scratched, trying to warn her to snap out of it, but I was absolutely powerless.
“Let me think about it,” Annabeth murmured.
“Just… give me a minute alone.
To say good-bye.”
“Of course, my dear,” Circe cooed.
“One minute.
Oh … and so you have absolute privacy …”
She waved her hand and iron bars slammed down over the windows.
She swept out of the room and I
heard the locks on the door click shut behind her.
The dreamy look melted off Annabeth’s face.
She rushed over to my cage.
“All right, which one is you?
I squealed, but so did all the other guinea pigs.
Annabeth looked desperate.
She scanned the room
and spotted the cuff of my jeans sticking out from under the loom.
Yes!
She rushed over and rummaged through my pockets.
But instead of bringing out Riptide, she found the bottle of Hermes multivitamins and started
struggling with the cap.
I wanted to scream at her that this wasn’t the time for taking supplements!
She had to draw the
sword!
She popped a lemon chewable in her mouth just as the door flew open and Circe came back in,
flanked by two of her business-suited attendants.
“Well,” Circe sighed, “how fast a minute passes.
What is your answer, my dear?”
“This,” Annabeth said, and she drew her bronze knife.
The sorceress stepped back, but her surprise quickly passed.
She sneered.
“Really, little girl, a
knife against my magic?
Is that wise?”
Circe looked back at her attendants, who smiled.
They raised their hands as if preparing to cast a
spell.
Run!
I wanted to tell Annabeth, but all I could make were rodent noises.
The other guinea pigs
squealed in terror and scuttled around the cage.
I had the urge to panic and hide, too, but I had to think
of something!
I couldn’t stand to lose Annabeth the way I’d lost Tyson.
“What will Annabeth’s makeover be?”
Circe mused.
“Something small and ill-tempered.
I know
… a shrew!”
Blue fire coiled from her fingers curling like serpents around Annabeth.
I watched, horror-struck, but nothing happened.
Annabeth was still Annabeth, only angrier.
She
leaped forward and stuck the point of her knife against Circe’s neck.
“How about turning me into a
panther instead?
One that has her claws at your throat!”
“How!”
Circe yelped.
Annabeth held up my bottle of vitamins for the sorceress to see.
Circe howled in frustration.
“Curse Hermes and his multivitamins!
Those are such a fad!
They do
nothing for you.”
“Turn Percy back to a human or else!”
Annabeth said.
“I can’t!”
“Then you asked for it.”
Circe’s attendants stepped forward, but their mistress said, “Get back!
She’s immune to magic
until that cursed vitamin wears off.”
Annabeth dragged Circe over to the guinea pig cage, knocked the top off, and poured the rest of
the vitamins inside.
“No!”
Circe screamed.
I was the first to get a vitamin, but all the other guinea pigs scuttled out, too, and checked out this
new food.
The first nibble, and I felt all fiery inside.
I gnawed at the vitamin until it stopped looking so huge,
and the cage got smaller, and then suddenly, bang!
The cage exploded.
I was sitting on the floor, a
human again-somehow back in my regular clothes, thank the gods-with six other guys who all looked
disoriented, blinking and shaking wood shavings out of their hair.
“No!”
Circe screamed.
“You don’t understand!
Those are the worst!”
One of the men stood up-a huge guy with a long tangled pitch-black beard and teeth the same
color.
He wore mismatched clothes of wool and leather, knee-length boots, and a floppy felt hat.
The
other men were dressed more simply-in breeches and stained white shirts.
All of them were barefoot.
“Argggh!” bellowed the big man.
“What’s the witch done t’me!”

“No!”
Circe moaned.
Annabeth gasped.
“I recognize you!
Edward Teach, son of Ares?”
“Aye, lass,” the big man growled.
“Though most call me Blackbeard!
And there’s the sorceress
what captured us, lads.
Run her through, and then I mean to find me a big bowl of celery!
Arggggh!”
Circe screamed.
She and her attendants ran from the room, chased by the pirates.
Annabeth sheathed her knife and glared at me.
“Thanks …” I faltered.
“I’m really sorry-“
Before I could figure out how to apologize for being such an idiot, she tackled me with a hug, then
pulled away just as quickly.
“I’m glad you’re not a guinea pig.”
“Me, too.”
I hoped my face wasn’t as red as it felt.
She undid the golden braids in her hair.
“Come on, Seaweed Brain,” she said.
“We have to get away while Circe’s distracted.”
We ran down the hillside through the terraces, past screaming spa workers and pirates ransacking
the resort.
Blackbeard’s men broke the tiki torches for the luau, threw herbal wraps into the
swimming pool, and kicked over tables of sauna towels.
I almost felt bad letting the unruly pirates out, but I guessed they deserved something more
entertaining than the exercise wheel after being cooped up in a cage for three centuries.
“Which ship?”
Annabeth said as we reached the docks.
I looked around desperately.
We couldn’t very well take our rowboat.
We had to get off the island
fast, but what else could we use?
A sub?
A fighter jet?
I couldn’t pilot any of those things.
And then I
saw it.
“There,” I said.
Annabeth blinked.
“But-“
“I can make it work.”
“How?”
I couldn’t explain.
I just somehow knew an old sailing vessel was the best bet for me.
I grabbed
Annabeth’s hand and pulled her toward the three-mast ship.
Painted on its prow was the name that I
would only decipher later: Queen Anne’s Revenge.
“Argggh!”
Blackbeard yelled somewhere behind us.
“Those scalawags are a-boarding me vessel!
Get ‘em, lads!”
“We’ll never get going in time!”
Annabeth yelled as we climbed aboard.
I looked around at the hopeless maze of sail and ropes.
The ship was in great condition for a
three-hundred-year-old vessel, but it would still take a crew of fifty several hours to get underway.
We didn’t have several hours.
I could see the pirates running down the stairs, waving tiki torches and
sticks of celery.
I closed my eyes and concentrated on the waves lapping against the hull, the ocean currents, the
winds all around me.
Suddenly, the right word appeared in my mind.
“Mizzenmast!”
I yelled.
Annabeth looked at me like I was nuts, but in the next second, the air was filled with whistling
sounds of ropes being snapped taut, canvases unfurling, and wooden pulleys creaking.
Annabeth ducked as a cable flew over her head and wrapped itself around the bowsprit.
“Percy,
how …”
I didn’t have an answer, but I could feel the ship responding to me as if it were part of my body.
I
willed the sails to rise as easily as if I were flexing my arm.
I willed the rudder to turn.
The Queen Anne’s Revenge lurched away from the dock, and by the time the pirates arrived at the
water’s edge, we were already underway, sailing into the Sea of Monsters.
Percy Jackson 2 - The Sea Monsters
THIRTEEN
ANNABETH TRIES
TO SWIM HOME
I’d finally found something I was really good at.
The Queen Anne’s Revenge responded to my every command.
I knew which ropes to hoist, which
sails to raise, which direction to steer.
We plowed through the waves at what I figured was about ten
knots.
I even understood how fast that was.
For a sailing ship, pretty darn fast.
It all felt perfect-the wind in my face, the waves breaking over the prow.
But now that we were out of danger, all I could think about was how much I missed Tyson, and
how worried I was about Grover.
I couldn’t get over how badly I’d messed up on Circe’s Island.
If it hadn’t been for Annabeth, I’d
still be a rodent, hiding in a hutch with a bunch of cute furry pirates.
I thought about what Circe had
said: See, Percy?
You’ve unlocked your true self!
I still felt changed.
Not just because I had a sudden desire to eat lettuce.
I felt jumpy, like the
instinct to be a scared little animal was now a part of me.
Or maybe it had always been there.
That’s
what really worried me.
We sailed through the night.
Annabeth tried to help me keep lookout, but sailing didn’t agree with her.
After a few hours
rocking back and forth, her face turned the color of guacamole and she went below to lie in a
hammock.
I watched the horizon.
More than once I spotted monsters.
A plume of water as tall as a
skyscraper spewed into the moonlight.
A row of green spines slithered across the waves-something
maybe a hundred feet long, reptilian.
I didn’t really want to know.
Once I saw Nereids, the glowing lady spirits of the sea.
I tried to wave at them, but they
disappeared into the depths, leaving me unsure whether they’d seen me or not.
Sometime after midnight, Annabeth came up on deck.
We were just passing a smoking volcano
island.
The sea bubbled and steamed around the shore.
“One of the forges of Hephaestus,” Annabeth said.
“Where he makes his metal monsters.”
“Like the bronze bulls?”
She nodded.
“Go around.
Far around.”
I didn’t need to be told twice.
We steered clear of the island, and soon it was just a red patch of
haze behind us.
I looked at Annabeth.
“The reason you hate Cyclopes so much … the story about how Thalia
really died.
What happened?”
It was hard to see her expression in the dark.
“I guess you deserve to know,” she said finally.
“The night Grover was escorting us to camp, he
got confused, took some wrong turns.
You remember he told you that once?”
I nodded.
“Well, the worst wrong turn was into a Cyclops’s lair in Brooklyn.”
“They’ve got Cyclopes in Brooklyn?”
I asked.
“You wouldn’t believe how many, but that’s not the point.
This Cyclops, he tricked us.
He
managed to split us up inside this maze of corridors in an old house in Flatbush.
And he could sound
like anyone, Percy.
Just the way Tyson did aboard the Princess Andromeda.
He lured us, one at a
time.
He said, ‘Now, Annabeth, don’t you worry.
I love you.
You can stay
here with me.
You can stay forever.’”
I shivered.
The way she told it-even now, six years later-freaked me out worse than any ghost
story I’d ever heard.
“What did you do?”
“I stabbed him in the foot.”
I stared at her.
“Are you kidding?
You were seven years old and you stabbed a grown Cyclops in
the foot?”
“Oh, he would’ve killed me.
But I surprised him.
It gave me just enough time to run to Thalia and
cut the ropes on her hands.
She took it from there.”
“Yeah, but still … that was pretty brave, Annabeth.”
She shook her head.
“We barely got out alive.
I still have nightmares, Percy.
The way that
Cyclops talked in my father’s voice.
It was his fault we took so long getting to camp.
All the monsters
who’d been chasing us had time to catch up.
That’s really why Thalia died.
If it hadn’t been for that
Cyclops, she’d still be alive today.”
We sat on the deck, watching the Hercules constellation rise in the night sky.
“Go below,” Annabeth told me at last.
“You need some rest.”
I nodded.
My eyes were heavy.
But when I got below and found a hammock, it took me a long
time to fall asleep.
I kept thinking about Annabeth’s story.
I wondered, if I were her, would I have had
enough courage to go on this quest, to sail straight toward the lair of another Cyclops?
I didn’t dream about Grover.
Then a girl spoke right next to me: “Well, Seaweed Brain?”
I looked over, expecting to see Annabeth, but the girl wasn’t Annabeth.
She wore punk-style
clothes with silver chains on her wrists.
She had spiky black hair, dark eyeliner around her stormy
blue eyes, and a spray of freckles across her nose.
She looked familiar, but I wasn’t sure why.
“Well?” she asked.
“Are we going to stop him or not?”

I couldn’t answer.
I couldn’t move.
The girl rolled her eyes.
“Fine.
Leave it to me and Aegis.”
She tapped her wrist and her silver chains transformed- flattening and expanding into a huge
shield.
It was silver and bronze, with the monstrous face of Medusa protruding from the center.
It
looked like a death mask, as if the gorgon’s real head had been pressed into the metal.
I didn’t know
if that was true, or if the shield could really petrify me, but I looked away.
Just being near it made me
cold with fear.
I got a feeling that in a real fight, the bearer of that shield would be almost impossible
to beat.
Any sane enemy would turn and run.
The girl drew her sword and advanced on the sarcophagus.
The shadowy ghosts parted for her,
scattering before the terrible aura of her shield.
“No,” I tried to warn her.
But she didn’t listen.
She marched straight up to the sarcophagus and pushed aside the golden lid.
For a moment she stood there, gazing down at whatever was in the box.
The coffin began to glow.
“No.”
The girl’s voice trembled.
“It can’t be.”
From the depths of the ocean, Kronos laughed so loudly the whole ship trembled.
“No!”
The girl screamed as the sarcophagus engulfed her in a blast of a golden light.
“Ah!”
I sat bolt upright in my hammock.
Annabeth was shaking me.
“Percy, you were having a nightmare.
You need to get up.”
“Wh-what is it?”
I rubbed my eyes.
“What’s wrong?”
“Land,” she said grimly.
“We’re approaching the island of the Sirens.”
I could barely make out the island ahead of us-just a dark spot in the mist.
“I want you to do me a favor,” Annabeth said.
“The Sirens … we’ll be in range of their singing
soon.”
I remembered stories about the Sirens.
They sang so sweetly their voices enchanted sailors and
lured them to their death.
“No problem,” I assured her.
“We can just stop up our ears.
There’s a big tub of candle wax
below deck-“
“I want to hear them.”
I blinked.
“Why?”
“They say the Sirens sing the truth about what you desire.
They tell you things about yourself you
didn’t even realize.
That’s what’s so enchanting.
If you survive … you become wiser.
I want to hear
them.
How often will I get that chance?”
Coming from most people, this would’ve made no sense.
But Annabeth being who she was-well,
if she could struggle through Ancient Greek architecture books and enjoy documentaries on the
History Channel, I guessed the Sirens would appeal to her, too.
She told me her plan.
Reluctantly, I helped her get ready.
As soon as the rocky coastline of the island came into view, I ordered one of the ropes to wrap
around Annabeth’s waist, tying her to the foremast.
“Don’t untie me,” she said, “no matter what happens or how much I plead.
I’ll want to go straight
over the edge and drown myself.”
“Are you trying to tempt me?”
“Ha-ha.”
I promised I’d keep her secure.
Then I took two large wads of candle wax, kneaded them into
earplugs, and stuffed my ears.
Annabeth nodded sarcastically, letting me know the earplugs were a real fashion statement.
I
made a face at her and turned to the pilot’s wheel.
The silence was eerie.
I couldn’t hear anything but the rush of blood in my head.
As we
approached the island, jagged rocks loomed out of the fog.
I willed the Queen Anne’s Revenge to
skirt around them.
If we sailed any closer, those rocks would shred our hull like blender blades.
I glanced back.
At first, Annabeth seemed totally normal.
Then she got a puzzled look on her face.
Her eyes widened.
She strained against the ropes.
She called my name-I could tell just from reading her lips.
Her
expression was clear: She had to get out.
This was life or death.
I had to let her out of the ropes right
now.
She seemed so miserable it was hard not to cut her free.
I forced myself to look away.
I urged the Queen Anne’s Revenge to go faster.
I still couldn’t see much of the island-just mist and rocks-but floating in the water were pieces of
wood and fiberglass, the wreckage of old ships, even some flotation cushions from airplanes.
How could music cause so many lives to veer off course?
I mean, sure, there were some Top
Forty songs that made me want to take a fiery nosedive, but still … What could the Sirens possibly
sing about?
For one dangerous moment, I understood Annabeth’s curiosity.
I was tempted to take out the
earplugs, just to get a taste of the song.
I could feel the Sirens’ voices vibrating in the timbers of the
ship, pulsing along with the roar of blood in my ears.
Annabeth was pleading with me.
Tears streamed down her cheeks.
She strained against the ropes,
as if they were holding her back from everything she cared about.
How could you be so cruel?
She seemed to be asking me.
I thought you were my friend.
I glared at the misty island.
I wanted to uncap my sword, but there was nothing to fight.
How do
you fight a song?
I tried hard not to look at Annabeth.
I managed it for about five minutes.
That was my big mistake.
When I couldn’t stand it any longer, I looked back and found … a heap of cut ropes.
An empty
mast.
Annabeth’s bronze knife lay on the deck.
Somehow, she’d managed to wriggle it into her hand.
I’d totally forgotten to disarm her.
I rushed to the side of the boat and saw her, paddling madly for the island, the waves carrying her
straight toward the jagged rocks.
I screamed her name, but if she heard me, it didn’t do any good.
She was entranced, swimming
toward her death.
I looked back at the pilot’s wheel and yelled, “Stay!”
Then I jumped over the side.
I sliced into the water and willed the currents to bend around me, making a jet stream that shot me
forward.
I came to the surface and spotted Annabeth, but a wave caught her, sweeping her between two
razor-sharp fangs of rock.
I had no choice.
I plunged after her.
I dove under the wrecked hull of a yacht, wove through a collection of floating metal balls on
chains that I realized afterward were mines.
I had to use all my power over water to avoid getting
smashed against the rocks or tangled in the nets of barbed wire strung just below the surface.
I jetted between the two rock fangs and found myself in a half-moon-shaped bay.
The water was

choked with more rocks and ship wreckage and floating mines.
The beach was black volcanic sand.
I looked around desperately for Annabeth.
There she was.
Luckily or unluckily, she was a strong swimmer.
She’d made it past the mines and the rocks.
She
was almost to the black beach.
Then the mist cleared and I saw them-the Sirens.
Imagine a flock of vultures the size of people-with dirty black plumage, gray talons, and wrinkled
pink necks.
Now imagine human heads on top of those necks, but the human heads keep changing.
I couldn’t hear them, but I could see they were singing.
I
recognized Annabeth’s dad from photos she’d shown me-an athletic-looking, sandy-haired guy in his
forties.
He was holding hands with a beautiful woman who looked a lot like Annabeth.
She was
dressed casually-in blue jeans and a denim shirt and hiking boots-but something about the woman
radiated power.
I knew that I was looking at the goddess Athena.
The three of them were talking and laughing,
and when they saw Annabeth, their faces lit up with delight.
Annabeth’s mom and dad held out their
arms invitingly.
Luke grinned and gestured for Annabeth to sit next to him-as if he’d never betrayed
her, as if he were still her friend.
Behind the trees of Central Park, a city skyline rose.
I caught my breath, because it was
Manhattan, but not Manhattan.
It had been totally rebuilt from dazzling white marble, bigger and
grander than ever-with golden windows and rooftop gardens.
It was better than New York.
Better
than Mount Olympus.
I knew immediately that Annabeth had designed it all.
She was the architect for a whole new
world.
She had reunited her parents.
I pulled Annabeth back into the surf.
I couldn’t hear her, but I could tell she was screaming.
She
kicked me in the face, but I held on.
I willed the currents to carry us out into the bay.
Annabeth pummeled and kicked me, making it
hard to concentrate.
She thrashed so much we almost collided with a floating mine.
I didn’t know
what to do.
I’d never get back to the ship alive if she kept fighting.
We went under and Annabeth stopped struggling.
Her expression became confused.
Then our
heads broke the surface and she started to fight again.
The water!
Sound didn’t travel well underwater.
If I could submerge her long enough, I could

break the spell of the music.
Of course, Annabeth wouldn’t be able to breathe, but at the moment, that
seemed like a minor problem.
I grabbed her around the waist and ordered the waves to push us down.
We shot into the depths-ten feet, twenty feet.
I knew I had to be careful because I could withstand
a lot more pressure than Annabeth.
She fought and struggled for breath as bubbles rose around us.
Bubbles.
I was desperate.
I had to keep Annabeth alive.
I imagined all the bubbles in the sea-always
churning, rising.
I imagined them coming together, being pulled toward me.
The sea obeyed.
There was a flurry of white, a tickling sensation all around me, and when my
vision cleared, Annabeth and I had a huge bubble of air around us.
Only our legs stuck into the water.
She gasped and coughed.
Her whole body shuddered, but when she looked at me, I knew the spell
had been broken.
She started to sob-I mean horrible, heartbroken sobbing.
She put her head on my shoulder and I
held her.
Fish gathered to look at us-a school of barracudas, some curious marlins.
Scram!
I told them.
They swam off, but I could tell they went reluctantly.
I swear I understood their intentions.
They
were about to start rumors flying around the sea about the son of Poseidon and some girl at the bottom
of Siren Bay.
“I’ll get us back to the ship,” I told her.
“It’s okay.
Just hang on.”
Annabeth nodded to let me know she was better now, then she murmured something I couldn’t
hear because of the wax in my ears.
I made the current steer our weird little air submarine through the rocks and barbed wire and back
toward the hull of the Queen Anne’s Revenge, which was maintaining a slow and steady course away
from the island.
We stayed underwater, following the ship, until I judged we had moved out of earshot of the
Sirens.
Then I surfaced and our air bubble popped.
I ordered a rope ladder to drop over the side of the ship, and we climbed aboard.
I kept my earplugs in, just to be sure.
We sailed until the island was completely out of sight.
Annabeth sat huddled in a blanket on the forward deck.
Finally she looked up, dazed and sad, and
mouthed, safe.
I took out the earplugs.
No singing.
The afternoon was quiet except for the sound of the waves
against the hull.
The fog had burned away to a blue sky, as if the island of the Sirens had never
existed.
“You okay?”
I asked.
The moment I said it, I realized how lame that sounded.
Of course she
wasn’t okay.
“I didn’t realize,” she murmured.
“What?”
Her eyes were the same color as the mist over the Sirens’ island.
“How powerful the temptation
would be.”
I didn’t want to admit that I’d seen what the Sirens had promised her.
I felt like a trespasser.
But I
figured I owed it to Annabeth.
“I saw the way you rebuilt Manhattan,” I told her.
I asked Annabeth.
“Do you feel … wiser?”
She gazed into the distance.
“I’m not sure.
But we have to save the camp.
If Luke’s way of thinking could even tempt Annabeth, there was no
telling how many other half-bloods might join him.
I thought about my dream of the girl and the golden sarcophagus.
I wasn’t sure what it meant, but I
got the feeling I was missing something.
Something terrible that Kronos was planning.
What had the
girl seen when she opened that coffin lid?
Suddenly Annabeth’s eyes widened.
“Percy.”
I turned.
Up ahead was another blotch of land-a saddle-shaped island with forested hills and white
beaches and green meadows-just like I’d seen in my dreams.
My nautical senses confirmed it.
30 degrees, 31 minutes north, 75 degrees, 12 minutes west.
We had reached the home of the Cyclops.
Percy Jackson 2 - The Sea Monsters
FOURTEEN
WE MEET THE SHEEP
OF DOOM
When you think “monster island,” you think craggy rocks and bones scattered on the beach like the
island of the Sirens.
The Cyclops’s island was nothing like that.
I mean, okay, it had a rope bridge across a chasm,
which was not a good sign.
You might as well put up a billboard that said, SOMETHING EVIL
LIVES HERE.
But except for that, the place looked like a Caribbean postcard.
It had green fields and
tropical fruit trees and white beaches.
As we sailed toward the shore, Annabeth breathed in the sweet
air.
“The Fleece,” she said.
I nodded.
I couldn’t see the Fleece yet, but I could feel its power.
I could believe it would heal
anything, even Thalia’s poisoned tree.
“If we take it away, will the island die?”
Annabeth shook her head.
“It’ll fade.
Go back to what it would be normally, whatever that is.”
I felt a little guilty about ruining this paradise, but I reminded myself we had no choice.
Camp
Half-Blood was in trouble.
And Tyson … Tyson would still be with us if it wasn’t for this quest.
In the meadow at the base of the ravine, several dozen sheep were milling around.
They looked
peaceful enough, but they were huge-the size of hippos.
Just past them was a path that led up into the
hills.
At the top of the path, near the edge of the canyon, was the massive oak tree I’d seen in my
dreams.
Something gold glittered in its branches.
“This is too easy,” I said.
“We could just hike up there and take it?”
Annabeth’s eyes narrowed.
“There’s supposed be a guardian.
A dragon or …”
That’s when a deer emerged from the bushes.
It trotted into the meadow, probably looking for
grass to eat, when the sheep all bleated at once and rushed the animal.
It happened so fast that the deer
stumbled and was lost in a sea of wool and trampling hooves.
Grass and tufts of fur flew into the air.
A second later the sheep all moved away, back to their regular peaceful wanderings.
Where the
deer had been was a pile of clean white bones.
Annabeth and I exchanged looks.
“They’re like piranhas,” she said.
“Piranhas with wool.
How will we-“
“Percy!”
Annabeth gasped, grabbing my arm.
“Look.”
She pointed down the beach, to just below the sheep meadow, where a small boat had been run
aground … the other lifeboat from the CSS Birmingham.
We decided there was no way we could get past the man-eating sheep.
Annabeth wanted to sneak
up the path invisibly and grab the Fleece, but in the end I convinced her that something would go
wrong.
The sheep would smell her.
Another guardian would appear.
Something.
And if that happened,
I’d be too far away to help.
“S’okay,” I grunted, though I’d never really wanted to know what Annabeth’s sneaker tasted like.
Finally, when my fingers felt like molten lead and my arm muscles were shaking from exhaustion,
we hauled ourselves over the top of the cliff and collapsed.
“Ugh,” I said.
“Ouch,” moaned Annabeth.
“Garrr!” bellowed another voice.
If I hadn’t been so tired, I would’ve leaped another two hundred feet.
I whirled around, but I
couldn’t see who’d spoken.
Annabeth clamped her hand over my mouth.
She pointed.
The ledge we were sitting on was narrower than I’d realized.
It dropped off on the opposite side,
and that’s where the voice was coming from-right below us.
“You’re a feisty one!”
the deep voice bellowed.
“Challenge me!”
Clarisse’s voice, no doubt about it.
“Give me back my sword and I’ll fight you!”
The monster roared with laughter.
Annabeth and I crept to the edge.
We were right above the entrance of the Cyclops’s cave.
Below
us stood Polyphemus and Grover, still in his wedding dress.
Next to me, Annabeth muttered, “Shut up.
She has to shut up.”
Polyphemus glowered.
“What ‘Grover’?”
“The satyr!”
I reached for my sword, but Annabeth hissed, “Wait!”
Polyphemus was hesitating, a boulder in his hand, ready to smash his would-be bride.
Annabeth and I sat on the ridge in despair and watched the distant baby-blue shape of the Cyclops
as he moved among his flocks.
He had wisely divided his regular animals from his man-eating sheep,
putting each group on either side of the huge crevice that divided the island.
The only way across was
the rope bridge, and the planks were much too far apart for sheep hooves.
We watched as Polyphemus visited his carnivorous flock on the far side.
Unfortunately, they
didn’t eat him.
In fact, they didn’t seem to bother him at all.
Annabeth said, standing invisibly somewhere off to my right.
That was easy
for her to say.
She wasn’t hanging upside down from the belly of a sheep.
Now, I’ll admit it wasn’t as hard as I’d thought.
I’d crawled under a car before to change my
mom’s oil, and this wasn’t too different.
The sheep didn’t care.
Even the Cyclops’s smallest sheep
were big enough to support my weight, and they had thick wool.
I just twirled the stuff into handles
for my hands, hooked my feet against the sheep’s thigh bones, and presto-I felt like a baby wallaby,
riding around against the sheep’s chest, trying to keep the wool out of my mouth and my nose.
In case you’re wondering, the underside of a sheep doesn’t smell that great.
Imagine a winter
sweater that’s been dragged through the mud and left in the laundry hamper for a week.
Something
like that.
The sun was going down.
No sooner was I in position than the Cyclops roared, “Oy!
Goaties!
Sheepies!”
The flock dutifully began trudging back up the slopes toward the cave.
“This is it!”
Annabeth whispered.
“I’ll be close by.
Don’t worry.”
I made a silent promise to the gods that if we survived this, I’d tell Annabeth she was a genius.
The frightening thing was, I knew the gods would hold me to it.
My sheep taxi started plodding up the hill.
After a hundred yards, my hands and feet started to hurt
from holding on.
I gripped the sheep’s wool more tightly, and the animal made a grumbling sound.
I

didn’t blame it.
I wouldn’t want anybody rock climbing in my hair either.
But if I didn’t hold on, I
was sure I’d fall off right there in front of the monster.
“Hasenpfeffer!”
the Cyclops said, patting one of the sheep in front of me.
“Einstein! Widget-eh
there, Widget!”
Polyphemus patted my sheep and nearly knocked me to the ground.
“Putting on some extra mutton
there?”
Uh-oh, I thought.
Here it comes.
But Polyphemus just laughed and swatted the sheep’s rear end, propelling us forward.
“Go on,
fatty!
Soon Polyphemus will eat you for breakfast!”
And just like that, I was in the cave.
I could see the last of the sheep coming inside.
If Annabeth didn’t pull off her distraction soon …
The Cyclops was about to roll the stone back into place, when from somewhere outside Annabeth
shouted, “Hello, ugly!”
Polyphemus stiffened.
“Who said that?”
“Nobody!”
Annabeth yelled.
That got exactly the reaction she’d been hoping for.
The monster’s face turned red with rage.
“Nobody!”
Polyphemus yelled back.
“I remember you!”
“You’re too stupid to remember anybody,” Annabeth taunted.
“Much less Nobody.”
I hoped to the gods she was already moving when she said that, because Polyphemus bellowed
furiously, grabbed the nearest boulder (which happened to be his front door) and threw it toward the
sound of Annabeth’s voice.
I heard the rock smash into a thousand fragments.
For a terrible moment, there was silence.
Then Annabeth shouted, “You haven’t learned to throw
any better, either!”
Polyphemus howled.
“Come here!
Let me kill you, Nobody!”
“You can’t kill Nobody, you stupid oaf,” she taunted.
“Come find me!”
Polyphemus barreled down the hill toward her voice.
Now, the “Nobody” thing wouldn’t have made sense to anybody, but Annabeth had explained to
me that it was the name Odysseus had used to trick Polyphemus centuries ago, right before he poked
the Cyclops’s eye out with a large hot stick.
Annabeth had figured Polyphemus would still have a
grudge about that name, and she was right.
In his frenzy to find his old enemy, he forgot about
resealing the cave entrance.
Apparently, he didn’t even stop to consider that Annabeth’s voice was
female, whereas the first Nobody had been male.
On the other hand, he’d wanted to marry Grover, so
he couldn’t have been all that bright about the whole male/female thing.
It
was Annabeth crying out in fear.
Percy Jackson 2 - The Sea Monsters
FIFTEEN
NOBODY GETS
THE FLEECE
“I got Nobody!”
Polyphemus gloated.
We crept to the cave entrance and saw the Cyclops, grinning wickedly, holding up empty air.
The
monster shook his fist, and a baseball cap fluttered to the ground.
There was Annabeth, hanging
upside down by her legs.
“Hah!”
the Cyclops said.
“Nasty invisible girl!
Already got feisty one for wife.
Means you gotta
be grilled with mango chutney!”
Annabeth struggled, but she looked dazed.
She had a nasty cut on her forehead.
Her eyes were
glassy.
“I’ll rush him,” I whispered to Clarisse.
“Our ship is around the back of the island.
You and
Grover-“
“No way,” they said at the same time.
It didn’t sound quite as good as Annabeth’s
insults, but it was all I could think of.
“I’m Nobody and I’m proud of it!
Now, put her down and get
over here.
I want to stab your eye out again.”
“RAAAR!”
he bellowed.
The good news: he dropped Annabeth.
The bad news: he dropped her headfirst onto the rocks,
where she lay motionless as a rag doll.
The other bad news: Polyphemus barreled toward me, a thousand smelly pounds of Cyclops that I
would have to fight with a very small sword.
“For Pan!”
Grover rushed in from the right.
He threw his sheep bone, which bounced harmlessly
off the monster’s forehead.
“Get Annabeth’s knife!”
His eyes widened when he saw the Cyclops behind us, but he nodded like he understood.
I knew Annabeth would’ve said the same thing.
But Polyphemus sobbed … and for the first time it sank in that he was a son of Poseidon, too.
Like
Tyson.
Like me.
How could I just kill him in cold blood?
“We only want the Fleece,” I told the monster.
“Will you agree to let us take it?”
“No!”
I knelt beside Annabeth and was worried sick by what I saw.
The gash on her forehead
was worse than I’d realized.
Her hairline was sticky with blood.
Her skin was pale and clammy.
Grover and I exchanged nervous looks.
Then an idea came to me.
“Tyson, the Fleece.
Can you get
it for me?”
“Which one?”
Tyson said, looking around at the hundreds of sheep.
“In the tree!”
I said.
“The gold one!”
“Oh.
Pretty.
Yes.”
Tyson lumbered over, careful not to step on the sheep.
If any of us had tried to approach the

Fleece, we would’ve been eaten alive, but I guess Tyson smelled like Polyphemus, because the flock
didn’t bother him at all.
They just cuddled up to him and bleated affectionately, as though they
expected to get sheep treats from the big wicker basket.
Tyson reached up and lifted the Fleece off its
branch.
Immediately the leaves on the oak tree turned yellow.
Tyson started wading back toward me,
but I yelled, “No time!
Throw it!”
The gold ram skin sailed through the air like a glittering shag Frisbee.
I caught it with a grunt.
It
was heavier than I’d expected-sixty or seventy pounds of precious gold wool.
I spread it over Annabeth, covering everything but her face, and prayed silently to all the gods I
could think of, even the ones I didn’t like.
Please.
Please.
The color returned to her face.
Her eyelids fluttered open.
The cut on her forehead began to close.
She saw Grover and said weakly, “You’re not… married?”
Grover grinned.
“No. My friends talked me out of it.”
“Annabeth,” I said, “just lay still.”
But despite our protests she sat up, and I noticed that the cut on her face was almost completely
healed.
She looked a lot better.
In fact, she shimmered with health, as if someone had injected her
with glitter.
Meanwhile, Tyson was starting to have trouble with the sheep.
“Down!”
he told them as they tried
to climb him, looking for food.
A few were sniffing in our direction.
“No, sheepies.
This way!
Come
here!”
They heeded him, but it was obvious they were hungry, and they were starting to realize Tyson
didn’t have any treats for them.
They wouldn’t hold out forever with so much fresh meat nearby.
“We have to go,” I said.
“Our ship is…” The Queen Anne’s Revenge was a very long way away.
The shortest route was across the chasm, and we’d just destroyed the only bridge.
The only other
possibility was through the sheep.
“Tyson,” I called, “can you lead the flock as far away as possible?”
“The sheep want food.”
“I know!
They want people food!
Just lead them away from the path.
Give us time to get to the
beach.
Then join us there.”
Tyson looked doubtful, but he whistled.
“Come, sheepies!
Um, people food this way!”
He jogged off into the meadow, the sheep in pursuit.
“Keep the Fleece around you,” I told Annabeth.
“Just in case you’re not fully healed yet.
Can you
stand?”
She tried, but her face turned pale again.
“Ohh. Not fully healed.”
His friend who bore Annabeth did the same for me.
We broke the surface of the water and raced away from Polyphemus’s island.
Behind us, I could
hear the Cyclops roaring in triumph, “I did it!
I finally sank Nobody!”
I hoped he never found out he was wrong.
We skimmed across the sea as the island shrank to a dot and then disappeared.
“Did it,” Annabeth muttered in exhaustion.
“We …”
She slumped against the neck of the hippocampus and instantly fell asleep.
I didn’t know how far the hippocampi could take us.
I didn’t know where we were going.
I just
propped up Annabeth so she wouldn’t fall off, covered her in the Golden Fleece that we’d been
through so much to get, and said a silent prayer of thanks.
Which reminded me … I still owed the gods a debt.
“You’re a genius,” I told Annabeth quietly.
Then I put my head against the Fleece, and before I knew it, I was asleep, too.
Percy Jackson 2 - The Sea Monsters
SEVENTEEN
WE GET A SURPRISE
ON MIAMI BEACH
“Percy, wake up.”
Salt water splashed my face.
Annabeth was shaking my shoulder.
In the distance, the sun was setting behind a city skyline.
I could see a beachside highway lined
with palm trees, storefronts glowing with red and blue neon, a harbor filled with sailboats and cruise
ships.
“Miami, I think,” Annabeth said.
“But the hippocampi are acting funny.”
Sure enough, our fishy friends had slowed down and were whinnying and swimming in circles,
sniffing the water.
They didn’t look happy.
One of them sneezed.
I could tell what they were thinking.
“This is as far as they’ll take us,” I said.
“Too many humans.
Too much pollution.
We’ll have to
swim to shore on our own.”
None of us was very psyched about that, but we thanked Rainbow and his friends for the ride.
Tyson cried a little.
He unfastened the makeshift saddle pack he’d made, which contained his tool kit
and a couple of other things he’d salvaged from the Birmingham wreck.
He hugged Rainbow around
the neck, gave him a soggy mango he’d picked up on the island, and said good-bye.
Once the hippocampi’s white manes disappeared into the sea, we swam for shore.
The waves
pushed us forward, and in no time we were back in the mortal world.
We wandered along the cruise
line docks, pushing through crowds of people arriving for vacations.
Porters bustled around with
carts of luggage.
Taxi drivers yelled at each other in Spanish and tried to cut in line for customers.
If
anybody noticed us-five kids dripping wet and looking like they’d just had a fight with a monster-they
didn’t let on.
Now that we were back among mortals, Tyson’s single eye had blurred from the Mist.
Grover had
put on his cap and sneakers.
Even the Fleece had transformed from a sheepskin to a red-and-gold high
school letter jacket with a large glittery Omega on the pocket.
Annabeth ran to the nearest newspaper box and checked the date on the Miami Herald.
She
cursed.
“June eighteenth!
We’ve been away from camp ten days!”
“That’s impossible!”
I’m not sure which of them looked more stunned as I took the Fleece letter jacket from Annabeth,
tucked the cash into its pocket, and put it in Clarisse’s arms.
“Percy,” Annabeth said, “that was so-“
“Generous?”
Grover offered.
“Insane,” Annabeth corrected.
“You’re betting the lives of everybody at camp that Clarisse will
get the Fleece safely back by tonight?”
“It’s her quest,” I said.
“She deserves a chance.”

“Percy is nice,” Tyson said.
“Percy is too nice,” Annabeth grumbled, but I couldn’t help thinking that maybe, just maybe, she
was a little impressed.
I’d surprised her, anyway.
And that wasn’t easy to do.
“Come on,” I told my friends.
“Let’s find another way home.”
That’s when I turned and found a sword’s point at my throat.
If anybody could think of a plan to
get them out of there, Annabeth could.
“Luke,” Annabeth said, “at least give him a shield.”
“Sorry, Annabeth,” he said.
“You bring your own equipment to this party.”
The shield was a problem.
Fighting two-handed with just a sword gives you more power, but
fighting one-handed with a shield gives you better defense and versatility.
There are more moves,
more options, more ways to kill.
I thought back to Chiron, who’d told me to stay at camp no matter
what, and learn to fight.
Now I was going to pay for not listening to him.
Annabeth said.
“Sure, Chiron,” Annabeth said.
“Come on, goat boy.”
“But I don’t like paintball.”
“Yes, you do.”
She hoisted Grover to his hooves and led him off toward the campfire.
Chiron finished bandaging my leg.
“Percy, I had a talk with Annabeth on the way here.
A talk
about the prophecy.”
Uh-oh, I thought.
“It wasn’t her fault,” I said.
“I made her tell me.”
His eyes flickered with irritation.
I was sure he was going to chew me out, but then his look
turned to weariness.
“I suppose I could not expect to keep it secret forever.”
“So am I the one in the prophecy?”
Chiron tucked his bandages back into his pouch.
“I wish I knew, Percy.
You’re not yet sixteen.
For now we must simply train you as best we can, and leave the future to the Fates.”

The Fates.
I hadn’t thought about those old ladies in a long time, but as soon as Chiron mentioned
them, something clicked.
“That’s what it meant,” I said.
Chiron frowned.
“That’s what what meant?”
“Last summer.
The omen from the Fates, when I saw them snip somebody’s life string.
I thought it
meant I was going to die right away, but it’s worse than that.
It’s got something to do with your
prophecy.
The death they foretold-it’s going to happen when I’m sixteen.”
Chiron’s tail whisked nervously in the grass.
“My boy, you can’t be sure of that.
We don’t even
know if the prophecy is about you.”
“But there isn’t any other half-blood child of the Big Three!”
“That we know of.”
“And Kronos is rising.
He’s going to destroy Mount Olympus!”
“He will try,” Chiron agreed.
“And Western Civilization along with it, if we don’t stop him.
But
we will stop him.
You will not be alone in that fight.”
I knew he was trying to make me feel better, but I remembered what Annabeth had told me.
It
would come down to one hero.
One decision that would save or destroy the West.
And I felt sure the
Fates had been giving me some kind of warning about that.
Something terrible was going to happen,
either to me or to somebody I was close to.
“I’m just a kid, Chiron,” I said miserably.
“What good is one lousy hero against something like
Kronos?”
Chiron managed a smile.
‘”What good is one lousy hero’?
Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain said
something like that to me once, just before he single-handedly changed the course of your Civil War.”
He pulled an arrow from his quiver and turned the razor-sharp tip so it glinted in the firelight.
“Celestial bronze, Percy.
An immortal weapon.
What would happen if you shot this at a human?”
“Nothing,” I said.
“It would pass right through.”
“That’s right,” he said.
“Humans don’t exist on the same level as the immortals.
They can’t even
be hurt by our weapons.
But you, Percy-you are part god, part human.
You live in both worlds.
You
can be harmed by both, and you can affect both.
That’s what makes heroes so special.
You carry the
hopes of humanity into the realm of the eternal.
Monsters never die.
They are reborn from the chaos
and barbarism that is always bubbling underneath civilization, the very stuff that makes Kronos
stronger.
They must be defeated again and again, kept at bay.
Heroes embody that struggle.
You fight
the battles humanity must win, every generation, in order to stay human.
Do you understand?”
“I … I don’t know.”
“You must try, Percy.
Because whether or not you are the child of the prophecy, Kronos thinks
you might be.
And after today, he will finally despair of turning you to his side.
That is the only
reason he hasn’t killed you yet, you know.
As soon as he’s sure he can’t use you, he will destroy
you.”
“You talk like you know him.”
Chiron pursed his lips.
“I do know him.”
I stared at him.
I sometimes forgot just how old Chiron was.
“Is that why Mr. D blamed you when
the tree was poisoned?
Why you said some people don’t trust you?”
“Indeed.”
“But, Chiron … I mean, come on!
Why would they think you’d ever betray the camp for Kronos?”
Chiron’s eyes were deep brown, full of thousands of years of sadness.
“Percy, remember your
training.
Remember your study of mythology.
What is my connection to the titan lord?”

I tried to think, but I’d always gotten my mythology mixed up.
Even now, when it was so real, so
important to my own life, I had trouble keeping all the names and facts straight.
I shook my head.
“You, uh, owe Kronos a favor or something?
He spared your life?”
“Percy,” Chiron said, his voice impossibly soft.
“The titan Kronos is my father.”

Percy Jackson 2 -
Tyson wasn’t too keen on the idea of getting back in a chariot after our first experience, but he
was happy to let me team up with Annabeth.
I would drive, Annabeth would defend, and Tyson would
act as our pit crew.
While I worked with the horses, Tyson fixed up Athena’s chariot and added a
whole bunch of special modifications.
We spent the next two days training like crazy.
Annabeth and I agreed that if we won, the prize of
no chores for the rest of the month would be split between our two cabins.
Since Athena had more
campers, they would get most of the time off, which was fine by me.
I didn’t care about the prize.
I
just wanted to win.
The night before the race, I stayed late at the stables.
I was talking to our horses, giving them one
final brushing, when somebody right behind me said, “Fine animals, horses.
Wish I’d thought of
them.”
A middle-aged guy in a postal carrier outfit was leaning against the stable door.
He was slim,
with curly black hair under his white pith helmet, and he had a mailbag slung over his shoulder.
“Hermes?”
I stammered.
“Hello, Percy.
Didn’t recognize me without my jogging clothes?”
“Uh …” I wasn’t sure whether I was supposed to kneel or buy stamps from him or what.
Then it
occurred to me why he must be here.
As Annabeth and I drove onto the track, I couldn’t help admiring the work Tyson had done on the
Athena chariot.
The carriage gleamed with bronze reinforcements.
The wheels were realigned with
magical suspension so we glided along with hardly a bump.
The rigging for the horses was so
perfectly balanced that the team turned at the slightest tug of the reins.
Tyson had also made us two javelins, each with three buttons on the shaft.
The first button primed
the javelin to explode on impact, releasing razor wire that would tangle and shred an opponent’s
wheels.
The second button produced a blunt (but still very painful) bronze spearhead designed to
knock a driver out of his carriage.
The third button brought up a grappling hook that could be used to
lock onto an enemy’s chariot or push it away.
I figured we were in pretty good shape for the race, but Tyson still warned me to be careful.
The
other chariot teams had plenty of tricks up their togas.
“Here,” he said, just before the race began.
He handed me a wristwatch.
There wasn’t anything special about it-just a white-and-silver clock
face, a black leather strap-but as soon as I saw it
I realized that this is what I’d seen him tinkering on
all summer.
I didn’t usually like to wear watches.
Who cared what time it was?
But I couldn’t say no to
Tyson.
“Thanks, man.”
I put it on and found it was surprisingly light and comfortable.
I could hardly tell I
was wearing it.
“Didn’t finish in time for the trip,” Tyson mumbled.
“Sorry, sorry.”
“Hey, man.
No big deal.”
“If you need protection in race,” he advised, “hit the button.”
“Ah, okay.”
I didn’t see how keeping time was going to help a whole lot, but I was touched that
Tyson was concerned.
I promised him I’d remember the watch.
“And, hey, um, Tyson …”
He looked at me.
“I wanted to say, well …” I tried to figure out how to apologize for getting embarrassed about
him before the quest, for telling everyone he wasn’t my real brother.
It wasn’t easy to find the words.
“I know what you will tell me,” Tyson said, looking ashamed.
Annabeth called.
“Come on!”
Chiron was at the starting line, ready to blow the conch.
“Tyson …” I said.
“Go,” Tyson said.
“You will win!”
“I-yeah, okay, big guy.
We’ll win this one for you.”
I climbed on board the chariot and got into
position just as Chiron blew the starting signal.
The horses knew what to do.
We shot down the track so fast I would’ve fallen out if my arms
hadn’t been wrapped in the leather reins.
Annabeth held on tight to the rail.
The wheels glided
beautifully.
We took the first turn a full chariot-length ahead of Clarisse, who was busy trying to fight
off a javelin attack from the Stoll brothers in the Hermes chariot.
“We’ve got ‘em!”
I yelled, but I spoke too soon.
“Incoming!”
Annabeth yelled.
She threw her first javelin in grappling hook mode, knocking away
a lead-weighted net that would have entangled us both.
Apollo’s chariot had come up on our flank.
Before Annabeth could rearm herself, the Apollo warrior threw a javelin into our right wheel.
The
javelin shattered, but not before snapping some of our spokes.
Our chariot lurched and wobbled.
I
was sure the wheel would collapse altogether, but we somehow kept going.
I urged the horses to keep up the speed.
We were now neck and neck with Apollo.
Hephaestus
was coming up close behind.
Ares and Hermes were falling behind, riding side by side as Clarisse
went sword-on-javelin with Connor Stoll.
If we took one more hit to our wheel, I knew we would capsize.
“You’re mine!”
the driver from Apollo yelled.
He was a first-year camper.
I didn’t remember his
name, but he sure was confident.
“Yeah, right!”
Annabeth yelled back.
She picked up her second javelin-a real risk considering we still had one full lap to go-and threw
it at the Apollo driver.
Her aim was perfect.
The javelin grew a heavy spear point just as it caught the driver in the chest,
knocking him against his teammate and sending them both toppling out of their chariot in a backward
somersault.
The horses felt the reins go slack and went crazy, riding straight for the crowd.
Campers
scrambled for cover as the horses leaped the corner of the bleachers and the golden chariot flipped
over.
The horses galloped back toward their stable, dragging the upside-down chariot behind them.
I held our own chariot together through the second turn, despite the groaning of the right wheel.
We passed the starting line and thundered into our final lap.
The axle creaked and moaned.
The wobbling wheel was making us lose speed, even though the
horses were responding to my every command, running like a well-oiled machine.
The Hephaestus team was still gaining.
Beckendorf grinned as he pressed a button on his command console.
Steel cables shot out of the
front of his mechanical horses, wrapping around our back rail.
Our chariot shuddered as
Beckendorf’s winch system started working-pulling us backward while Beckendorf pulled himself
forward.
Annabeth cursed and drew her knife.
She hacked at the cables but they were too thick.
“Can’t cut them.’”
she yelled.
The Hephaestus chariot was now dangerously close, their horses about to trample us underfoot.
“Switch with me!”
I told Annabeth.
“Take the reins!”
“But-“
“Trust me!”
She pulled herself to the front and grabbed the reins.
I turned, trying hard to keep my footing, and
uncapped Riptide.
I slashed down and the cables snapped like kite string.
We lurched forward, but Beckendorf’s
driver just swung his chariot to our left and pulled up next to us.
Beckendorf drew his sword.
He
slashed at Annabeth, and I parried the blade away.
We were coming up on the last turn.
We’d never make it.
I needed to disable the Hephaestus
chariot and get it out of the way, but I had to protect Annabeth, too.
Just because Beckendorf was a
nice guy didn’t mean he wouldn’t send us both to the infirmary if we let our guard down.
If I let my guard down long enough to deal with the Greek fire, Annabeth would
get sliced and we’d crash anyway.
I tried to kick the leather pouch away with my foot, but I couldn’t.
It was stuck fast.
Then I remembered the watch.
I didn’t know how it could help, but I managed to punch the stopwatch button.
Instantly, the watch
changed.
It expanded, the metal rim spiraling outward like an old-fashioned camera shutter, a leather
strap wrapping around my forearm until I was holding a round war shield four feet wide, the inside
soft leather, the outside polished bronze engraved with designs I didn’t have time to examine.
All I knew: Tyson had come through.
I raised the shield, and Beckendorf’s sword clanged against
it.
His blade shattered.
“What?” he shouted.
“How-“
He didn’t have time to say more because I knocked him in the chest with my new shield and sent
him flying out of his chariot, tumbling in the dirt.
I was about use Riptide to slash at the driver when Annabeth yelled, “Percy!”
The Greek fire was shooting sparks.
I shoved the tip of my sword under the leather pouch and
flipped it up like a spatula.
The firebomb dislodged and flew into the Hephaestus chariot at the
driver’s feet.
He yelped.
In a split second the driver made the right choice: he dove out of the chariot, which careened
away and exploded in green flames.
The metal horses seemed to short-circuit.
They turned and
dragged the burning wreckage back toward Clarisse and the Stoll brothers, who had to swerve to
avoid it.
Annabeth pulled the reins for the last turn.
I held on, sure we would capsize, but somehow she
brought us through and spurred the horses across the finish line.
The crowd roared.
Once the chariot stopped, our friends mobbed us.
They started chanting our names, but Annabeth
yelled over the noise: “Hold up!
Listen!
It wasn’t just us!”
The crowd didn’t want to be quiet, but Annabeth made herself heard: “We couldn’t have done it
without somebody else!
The entire Athena cabin lifted me and Annabeth and Tyson onto their shoulders and
carried us toward the winner’s platform, where Chiron was waiting to bestow the laurel wreaths.
Percy Jackson 2 - The Sea Monsters
TWENTY
THE FLEECE WORKS
ITS MAGIC TOO WELL
That afternoon was one of the happiest I’d ever spent at camp, which maybe goes to show, you
never know when your world is about to be rocked to pieces.
Grover announced that he’d be able to spend the rest of the summer with us before resuming his
quest for Pan.
His bosses at the Council of Cloven Elders were so impressed that he hadn’t gotten
himself killed and had cleared the way for future searchers, that they granted him a two-month
furlough and a new set of reed pipes.
The only bad news: Grover insisted on playing those pipes all
afternoon long, and his musical skills hadn’t improved much.
He played “YMCA,” and the strawberry
plants started going crazy, wrapping around our feet like they were trying to strangle us.
I guess I
couldn’t blame them.
Grover told me he could dissolve the empathy link between us, now that we were face to face, but
I told him I’d just as soon keep it if that was okay with him.
He put down his reed pipes and stared at
me.
“But, if I get in trouble again, you’ll be in danger, Percy!
You could die!”
“If you get in trouble again, I want to know about it.
And I’ll come help you again, G-man.
I
wouldn’t have it any other way.”
In the end he agreed not to break the link.
He went back to playing “YMCA” for the strawberry
plants.
I didn’t need an empathy link with the plants to know how they felt about it.
Later on during archery class, Chiron pulled me aside and told me he’d fixed my problems with
Meriwether Prep.
The school no longer blamed me for destroying their gymnasium.
The police were
no longer looking for me.
“How did you manage that?”
I asked.
Chiron’s eyes twinkled.
“I merely suggested that the mortals had seen something different on that
day-a furnace explosion that was not your fault.”
“You just said that and they bought it?”
“I manipulated the Mist.
Some day, when you’re ready, I’ll show how it’s done.”
“You mean, I can go back to Meriwether next year?”
Chiron raised his eyebrows.
“Oh, no, they’ve still expelled you.
Your headmaster, Mr. Bonsai,
said you had-how did he put it?-un-groovy karma that disrupted the school’s educational aura.
But
you’re not in any legal trouble, which was a relief to your mother.
Oh, and speaking of your mother
…”
He unclipped his cell phone from his quiver and handed it to me.
“It’s high time you called her.”
The worst part was the beginning-the “Percy-Jackson-what-were-you-thinking-do-you-have-anyidea-how-worried-I-was-sneaking-off-to-camp-without-permission-going-on-dangerous-quests-andscaring-me-half-to-death” part.
But finally she paused to catch her breath.
“Oh, I’m just glad you’re safe!”
That’s the great thing about my mom.
She’s no good at staying angry.
She tries, but it just isn’t in
her nature.
“I’m sorry, Mom,” I told her.
“I won’t scare you again.”

“Don’t promise me that, Percy.
You know very well it will only get worse.”
She tried to sound
casual about it, but I could tell she was pretty shaken up.
I wanted to say something to make her feel better, but I knew she was right.
Being a half-blood, I
would always be doing things that scared her.
And as I got older, the dangers would just get greater.
“I could come home for a while,” I offered.
“No, no. Stay at camp.
Train.
Do what you need to do.
But you will come home for the next
school year?”
“Yeah, of course.
Uh, if there’s any school that will take me.”
“Oh, we’ll find something, dear,” my mother sighed.
“Some place where they don’t know us yet.”
As for Tyson, the campers treated him like a hero.
I would’ve been happy to have him as my
cabin mate forever, but that evening, as we were sitting on a sand dune overlooking the Long Island
Sound, he made an announcement that completely took me by surprise.
“Dream came from Daddy last night,” he said.
“He wants me to visit.”
I wondered if he was kidding, but Tyson really didn’t know how to kid.
“Poseidon sent you a
dream message?”
Tyson nodded.
“Wants me to go underwater for the rest of the summer.
Learn to work at
Cyclopes’ forges.
He called it an inter-an intern-“
“An internship?”
“Yes.”
I let that sink in.
I’ll admit, I felt a little jealous.
“He had to …”
“We know,” Annabeth said softly.
“Chiron told us.”
“Cyclopes forges.”
Grover shuddered.
“I hear the cafeteria food there is terrible!
Like, no
enchiladas at all.”
Annabeth held out her hand.
“Come on, Seaweed Brain.
Time for dinner.”
We walked back toward the dining pavilion together, just the three of us, like old times.
A storm raged that night, but it parted around Camp Half-Blood as storms usually did.
Lightning
flashed against the horizon, waves pounded the shore, but not a drop fell in our valley.
We were
protected again, thanks to the Fleece, sealed inside our magical borders.
Still, my dreams were restless.
I heard Kronos taunting me from the depths of Tartarus:
Polyphemus sits blindly in his cave, young hero, believing he has won a great victory.
Are you any
less deluded?
The titan’s cold laughter filled the darkness.
Then my dream changed.
I was following Tyson to the bottom of the sea, into the court of
Poseidon.
It was a radiant hall filled with blue light, the floor cobbled with pearls.
And there, on a
throne of coral, sat my father, dressed like a simple fisherman in khaki shorts and a sun-bleached Tshirt.
I looked up into his tan weathered face, his deep green eyes, and he spoke two words: Brace
yourself.
I woke with a start.
There was a banging on the door.
Grover flew inside without waiting for permission.
“Percy!”
he
stammered.
“Annabeth … on the hill … she …”
The look in his eyes told me something was terribly wrong.
Annabeth had been on guard duty that
night, protecting the Fleece.
If something had happenedI ripped off the covers, my blood like ice water in my veins.
I threw on some clothes while
Grover tried to make a complete sentence, but he was too stunned, too out of breath.
“She’s lying
there … just lying there …”
I ran outside and raced across the central yard, Grover right behind me.
Dawn was just breaking,
but the whole camp seemed to be stirring.
Word was spreading.
Something huge had happened.
A few
campers were already making their way toward the hill, satyrs and nymphs and heroes in a weird mix
of armor and pajamas.
I heard the clop of horse hooves, and Chiron galloped up behind us, looking grim.
“Is it true?”
Then I realized Annabeth wasn’t the one lying on the ground.
She was the one in armor, kneeling
next to the unconscious girl.
When Annabeth saw us, she ran to Chiron.
“It… she … just suddenly
there …”
Her eyes were streaming with tears, but I still didn’t understand.
I was too freaked out to make
sense of it all.
I leaped off Chiron’s back and ran toward the unconscious girl.
Chiron said: “Percy,
wait!”
I knelt by her side.
She had short black hair and freckles across her nose.
She was built like a
long-distance runner, lithe and strong, and she wore clothes that were somewhere between punk and
Goth-a black T-shirt, black tattered jeans, and a leather jacket with buttons from a bunch of bands I’d
never heard of.
She wasn’t a camper.
I didn’t recognize her from any of the cabins.
And yet I had the strangest
feeling I’d seen her before….
We picked up my friends Annabeth and
Thalia on the way.
It was an eight-hour drive from New York to Bar Harbor, Maine.
Sleet and snow
pounded the highway.
Annabeth, Thalia, and I hadn't seen each other in months, but between
the blizzard and the thought of what we were about to do, we were too nervous to talk much.
Except for my mom.
She talks more when she's nervous.
By the time we finally got to
Westover Hall, it was getting dark, and she'd told Annabeth and Thalia every embarrassing
baby story there was to tell about me.
Thalia wiped the fog off the car window and peered outside.
"Oh, yeah.
This'll be fun."
Westover Hall looked like an evil knight's castle.
It was all black stone, with towers and
slit windows and a big set of wooden double doors.
It stood on a snowy cliff overlooking this
big frosty forest on one side and the gray churning ocean on the other.
"Are you sure you don't want me to wait?"
my mother asked.
"No, thanks, Mom," I said.
"I don't know how long it will take.
We'll be okay."
"But how will you get back?
I'm worried, Percy.
"
I hoped I wasn't blushing.
It was bad enough I had to depend on my mom to drive me to
my battles.
"It's okay, Ms. Jackson."
Annabeth smiled reassuringly.
Her blond hair was tucked into
a ski cap and her gray eyes were the same color as the ocean.
"We'll keep him out of trouble.
"
My mom seemed to relax a little.
She thinks Annabeth is the most levelheaded demigod
ever to hit eighth grade.
She's sure Annabeth often keeps me from getting killed.
She's right,
but that doesn't mean I have to like it.
"All right, dears," my mom said.
"Do you have everything you need?"
"Yes, Ms. Jackson," Thalia said.
"Thanks for the ride."
"Extra sweaters?
You have my cell phone number?
"
"Mom—"
"Your ambrosia and nectar, Percy?
And a golden drachma in case you need to contact
camp?"

"Mom, seriously!
We'll be fine.
Come on, guys.
"
She looked a little hurt, and I was sorry about that, but I was ready to be out of that car.
If my mom told one more story about how cute I looked in the bathtub when I was three years
old, I was going to burrow into the snow and freeze myself to death.
Annabeth and Thalia followed me outside.
The wind blew straight through my coat like
ice daggers.
Once my mother's car was out of sight, Thalia said, "Your mom is so cool, Percy."
"She's pretty okay," I admitted.
"What about you?
You ever get in touch with your
mom?"
As soon as I said it, I wished I hadn't.
Thalia was great at giving evil looks, what with
the punk clothes she always wears—the ripped-up army jacket, black leather pants and chain
jewelry, the black eyeliner and those intense blue eyes.
But the look she gave me now was a
perfect evil "ten."
"If that was any of your business, Percy—"
"We'd better get inside," Annabeth interrupted.
"Grover will be waiting.
"
Thalia looked at the castle and shivered.
"You're right.
I wonder what he found here that
made him send the distress call.
"
I stared up at the dark towers of Westover Hall.
"Nothing good," I guessed.
The oak doors groaned open, and the three of us stepped into the entry hall in a swirl of
snow.
All I could say was, "Whoa."
The place was huge.
The walls were lined with battle flags and weapon displays:
antique rifles, battle axes, and a bunch of other stuff.
I mean, I knew Westover was a military
school and all, but the decorations seemed like overkill.
Literally.
My hand went to my pocket, where I kept my lethal ballpoint pen, Riptide.
I could
already sense something wrong in this place.
Something dangerous.
Thalia was rubbing her
silver bracelet, her favorite magic item.
I knew we were thinking the same thing.
A fight was
coming.
Annabeth started to say, "I wonder where—"
The doors slammed shut behind us.
"Oo-kay," I mumbled.
"Guess we'll stay awhile.
"

I could hear music echoing from the other end of the hall.
It sounded like dance music.
We stashed our overnight bags behind a pillar and started down the hall.
We hadn't gone
very far when I heard footsteps on the stone floor, and a man and woman marched out of the
shadows to intercept us.
They both had short gray hair and black military-style uniforms with red trim.
The
woman had a wispy mustache, and the guy was clean-shaven, which seemed kind of
backward to me.
They both walked stiffly, like they had broomsticks taped to their spines.
"Well?" the woman demanded.
"What are you doing here?"
"Um…" I realized I hadn't planned for this.
And this is Annabeth and Percy.
We're in the eighth grade.
"
The male teacher narrowed his two-colored eyes.
I didn't know what Thalia was
thinking.
Now we'd probably get punished for lying and thrown into the snow.
But the man
seemed to be hesitating.
He looked at his colleague.
"Ms. Gottschalk, do you know these students?"
Despite the danger we were in, I had to bite my tongue to keep from laughing.
A teacher
named Got Chalk?
He had to be kidding.
The woman blinked, like someone had just woken her up from a trance.
"I… yes.
I
believe I do, sir."
She frowned at us.
"Annabeth.
Thalia.
Percy.
Annabeth said, "Do they… I mean, have you told them?"
Grover shook his head.
"You know how it is.
That could put them in more danger.
Once
they realize who they are, their scent becomes stronger.
"
He looked at me, and I nodded.
I'd never really understood what half-bloods "smell"
like to monsters and satyrs, but I knew that your scent could get you killed.
And the more
powerful a demigod you became, the more you smelled like a monster's lunch.
"So let's grab them and get out of here," I said.
I started forward, but Thalia put her hand on my shoulder.
The vice principal, Dr.
Thorn, had slipped out of a doorway near the bleachers and was standing near the di Angelo
siblings.
He nodded coldly in our direction.
His blue eye seemed to glow.
Judging from his expression, I guessed Thorn hadn't been fooled by Thalia's trick with
the Mist after all.
He suspected who we were.
He was just waiting to see why we were here.
"Don't look at the kids," Thalia ordered.
"We have to wait for a chance to get them.
We
need to pretend we're not interested in them.
Throw him off the scent.
"
"How?"
"We're three powerful half-bloods.
Our presence should confuse him.
Mingle.
Act
natural.
Do some dancing.
But keep an eye on those kids.
"
"Dancing?" Annabeth asked.
Thalia nodded.
She cocked her ear to the music and made a face.
"Ugh.
Who chose the
Jesse McCartney?"
Grover looked hurt.
"I did.
"
"Oh my gods, Grover.
That is so lame.
Can't you play, like, Green Day or something?"
"Green who?"
"Never mind.
Let's dance."
"But I can't dance!"
"You can if I'm leading," Thalia said.
"Come on, goat boy."
Grover yelped as Thalia grabbed his hand and led him onto the dance floor.
Annabeth smiled.
"What?" I asked.
"Nothing.
It's just cool to have Thalia back.
"
Annabeth had grown taller than me since last summer, which I found kind of disturbing.
She used to wear no jewelry except for her Camp Half-Blood bead necklace, but now she
wore little silver earrings shaped like owls—the symbol of her mother, Athena.
She pulled off
her ski cap, and her long blond hair tumbled down her shoulders.
It made her look older, for
some reason.
"So…" I tried to think of something to say.
Act natural, Thalia had told us.
When you're
a half-blood on a dangerous mission, what the heck is natural?
"Um, design any good
buildings lately?"
Annabeth's eyes lit up, the way they always did when she talked about architecture.
"Oh
my gods, Percy.
At my new school, I get to take 3-D design as an elective, and there's this
cool computer program…"
She went on to explain how she'd designed this huge monument that she wanted to build
at Ground Zero in Manhattan.
She talked about structural supports and facades and stuff, and I
tried to listen.
I knew she wanted to be a super architect when she grew up—she loves math
and historical buildings and all that—but I hardly understood a word she was saying.
The truth was I was kind of disappointed to hear that she liked her new school so much.
It was the first time she'd gone to school in New York.
I'd been hoping to see her more often.
It was a boarding school in Brooklyn, and she and Thalia were both attending, close enough
to Camp Half-Blood that Chiron could help if they got in any trouble.
Because it was an allgirls school, and I was going to MS-54 in Manhattan, I hardly ever saw them.
Yeah, uh, cool," I said.
"So you're staying there the rest of the year, huh?"
Her face got dark.
"Well, maybe, if I don't—"
"Hey!"
Thalia called to us.
"
I looked nervously at Annabeth, then at the groups of girls who were roaming the gym.
"Well?" Annabeth said.
"Um, who should I ask?"
She punched me in the gut.
"Me, Seaweed Brain."
"Oh.
Oh, right.
"

So we went onto the dance floor, and I looked over to see how Thalia and Grover were
doing things.
I put one hand on Annabeth's hip, and she clasped my other hand like she was
about to judo throw me.
"I'm not going to bite," she told me.
"Honestly, Percy.
Don't you guys have dances at
your school?"
I didn't answer.
The truth was we did.
But I'd never, like, actually danced at one.
I was
usually one of the guys playing basketball in the corner.
We shuffled around for a few minutes.
I tried to concentrate on little things, like the
crepe-paper streamers and the punch bowl—anything but the fact that Annabeth was taller
than me, and my hands were sweaty and probably gross, and I kept stepping on her toes.
"What were you saying earlier?"
I asked.
"Are you having trouble at school or
something?"
She pursed her lips.
"It's not that.
It's my dad.
"
"Uh-oh."
I knew Annabeth had a rocky relationship with her father.
"I thought it was
getting better with you two.
Is it your stepmom again?"
Annabeth sighed.
"He decided to move.
Just when I was getting settled in New York, he
took this stupid new job researching for a World War I book.
In San Francisco!'
She said this the same way she might say Fields of Punishment or Hades's gym shorts.
"So he wants you to move out there with him?"
I asked.
"To the other side of the country," she said miserably.
"And half-bloods can't live in San
Francisco.
He should know that.
"
"What? Why not?"
Annabeth rolled her eyes.
Maybe she thought I was kidding.
"You know.
It's right
there!'
"Oh," I said.
I had no idea what she was talking about, but I didn't want to sound stupid.
"So… you'll go back to living at camp or what?"
"It's more serious than that, Percy.
I… I probably should tell you something."
Suddenly she froze.
"They're gone.
"
"What?"
I followed her gaze.
The bleachers.
The two half-blood kids, Bianca and Nico, were no
longer there.
The door next to the bleachers was wide open.
Dr. Thorn was nowhere in sight.
"We have to get Thalia and Grover!"
Annabeth looked around frantically.
"Oh, where'd
they dance off to?
Come on!"
She ran through the crowd.
I was about to follow when a mob of girls got in my way.
I
maneuvered around them to avoid getting the ribbon-and-lipstick treatment, and by the time I
was free, Annabeth had disappeared.
I turned a full circle, looking for her or Thalia and
Grover.
Instead, I saw something that chilled my blood.
About fifty feet away, lying on the gym floor, was a floppy green cap just like the one
Bianca di Angelo had been wearing.
Near it were a few scattered trading cards.
Then I caught
a glimpse of Dr. Thorn.
He was hurrying out a door at the opposite end of the gym, steering
the di Angelo kids by the scruffs of their necks, like kittens.
I still couldn't see Annabeth, but I knew she'd be heading the other way, looking for
Thalia and Grover.
I almost ran after her, and then I thought, Wait.
I remembered what Thalia had said to me in the entry hall, looking at me all puzzled
when I asked about the finger-snap trick: Hasn't Chiron shown you how to do that yet?
Looking back on it, Annabeth's move was brilliant.
Wearing her cap of invisibility, she
plowed into the di Angelos and me, knocking us to the ground.
For a split second, Dr. Thorn
was taken by surprise, so his first volley of missiles zipped harmlessly over our heads.
This
gave Thalia and Grover a chance to advance from behind—Thalia wielding her magic shield,
Aegis.
If you've never seen Thalia run into battle, you have never been truly frightened.
She
uses a huge spear that expands from this collapsible Mace canister she carries in her pocket,
but that's not the scary part.
Annabeth said, now visible.
Her magical New York Yankees cap had
come off when she'd plowed into us.
"Who are you people?"
Bianca di Angelo demanded.
"And what is that?"

"A manticore?"
Nico gasped.
"He's got three thousand attack power and plus five to
saving throws!"
I didn't know what he was talking about, but I didn't have time to worry about it.
The
manticore howled, turning in circles with his tail flailing as Annabeth hung on for dear life.
"Fire!"
Zoe ordered.
"No!"
I screamed.
But the Hunters let their arrows fly.
The first caught the manticore in the neck.
Another
hit his chest.
The manticore staggered backward, wailing, "This is not the end, Huntress!
You
shall pay!"
And before anyone could react, the monster, with Annabeth still on his back, leaped
over the cliff and tumbled into the darkness.
"Annabeth!"
I yelled.
I started to run after her, but our enemies weren't done with us.
There was a snap-snapsnap from the helicopter—the sound of gunfire.
Most of the Hunters scattered as tiny holes appeared in the snow at their feet, but the
girl with auburn hair just looked up calmly at the helicopter.
"Mortals," she announced, "are not allowed to witness my hunt.
"
She thrust out her hand, and the helicopter exploded into dust—no, not dust.
The black
metal dissolved into a flock of birds—ravens, which scattered into the night.
The Hunters advanced on us.
The one called Zoe stopped short when she saw Thalia.
"You," she said with distaste.
"Zoe Nightshade."
Thalia's voice trembled with anger.
"Perfect timing, as usual."
Zoe scanned the rest of us.
"Four half-bloods and a satyr, my lady.
"
"Yes," the younger girl said.
"Some of Chiron's campers, I see.
"
"Annabeth!"
I yelled.
"You have to let us save her!"
The auburn-haired girl turned toward me.
"I'm sorry, Percy Jackson, but your friend is
beyond help.
"
I tried to struggle to my feet, but a couple of the girls held me down.
"You are in no condition to be hurling yourself off cliffs," the auburn-haired girl said.
"Let me go!"
I demanded.
"Who do you think you are?"
Zoe stepped forward as if to smack me.
"No," the other girl ordered.
"I sense no disrespect, Zoe.
He is simply distraught.
He
does not understand.
"
The young girl looked at me, her eyes colder and brighter than the winter moon.
"I am
Artemis," she said.
"Goddess of the Hunt."

THREE
BIANCA DI ANCELO MAKES A CHOICE

After seeing Dr. Thorn turn into a monster and plummet off the edge of a cliff with
Annabeth, you'd think nothing else could shock me.
But when this twelve-year-old girl told
me she was the goddess Artemis, I said something real intelligent like, "Um… okay.
"
That was nothing compared to Grover.
He gasped, then knelt hastily in the snow and
started yammering, "Thank you, Lady Artemis!
You're so… you're so… Wow!"
"Get up, goat boy!"
Thalia snapped.
"We have other things to worry about.
Annabeth is
gone!"
"Whoa," Bianca di Angelo said.
"Hold up.
Time out.
"
Everybody looked at her.
She pointed her finger at all of us in turn, like she was trying
to connect the dots.
"Who… who are you people?
"
Artemis's expression softened.
"It might be a better question, my dear girl, to ask who
are you!Who are your parents?"
Bianca glanced nervously at her brother, who was still staring in awe at Artemis.
Our parents are dead," Bianca said.
"We're orphans.
There's a bank trust that pays for
our school, but…"
She faltered.
I guess she could tell from our faces that we didn't believe her.
"What?" she demanded.
"I'm telling the truth."
"You are a half-blood," Zoe Nightshade said.
Her accent was hard to place.
It sounded
old-fashioned, like she was reading from a really old book.
"One of thy parents was mortal.
The other was an Olympian."
"An Olympian… athlete?
"
"No," Zoe said.
"One of the gods."
"Cool!" said Nico.
"No!" Bianca's voice quavered.
"This is not cool!"
Nico danced around like he needed to use the restroom.
As anxious as I felt about Annabeth—all I wanted to do was search for her—I couldn't
help feeling sorry for the di Angelos.
I remembered what it was like for me when I first
learned I was a demigod.
Thalia must've been feeling something similar, because the anger in her eyes subsided a
little bit.
"Bianca, I know it's hard to believe.
But the gods are still around.
Trust me.
They're
immortal.
And whenever they have kids with regular humans, kids like us, well… Our lives
are dangerous.
"
"Dangerous," Bianca said, "like the girl who fell.
"
Thalia turned away.
Even Artemis looked pained.
"Do not despair for Annabeth," the goddess said.
"She was a brave maiden.
If she can
be found, I shall find her.
"
"Then why won't you let us go look for her?"
I asked.
"She is gone.
Can't you sense it, Son of Poseidon?
Some magic is at work.
I do not
know exactly how or why, but your friend has vanished.
"
I still wanted to jump off the cliff and search for her, but I had a feeling that Artemis
was right.
Annabeth was gone.
If she'd been down there in the sea, I thought, I'd be able to
feel her presence.
"Oo!"
Nico raised his hand.
"What about Dr. Thorn?
That was awesome how you shot
him with arrows!
Is he dead?
"
"He was a manticore," Artemis said.
"Hopefully he is destroyed for now, but monsters
never truly die.
They re-form over and over again, and they must be hunted whenever they
reappear."
"Or they'll hunt us," Thalia said.
Bianca di Angelo shivered.
"That explains… Nico, you remember last summer, those
guys who tried to attack us in the alley in DC?
"
"And that bus driver," Nico said.
"The one with the ram's horns.
Annabeth's
New York Yankees baseball cap.
Thalia didn't say another word.
She wiped a tear from her cheek, turned, and marched
off, leaving me alone with a trampled cap in the snow.
The Hunters set up their camping site in a matter of minutes.
Seven large tents, all of
silver silk, curved in a crescent around one side of a bonfire.
One of the girls blew a silver dog
whistle, and a dozen white wolves appeared out of the woods.
They began circling the camp
like guard dogs.
The Hunters walked among them and fed them treats, completely unafraid,
but I decided I would stick close to the tents.
Falcons watched us from the trees, their eyes
flashing in the firelight, and I got the feeling they were on guard duty, too.
Even the weather
seemed to bend to the goddess's will.
The air was still cold, but the wind died down and the
snow stopped falling, so it was almost pleasant sitting by the fire.
Almost… except for the pain in my shoulder and the guilt weighing me down.
I couldn't
believe Annabeth was gone.
And as angry as I was at Thalia, I had a sinking feeling that she
was right.
It was my fault.
What had Annabeth wanted to tell me in the gym?
Something serious, she'd said.
Now I
might never find out.
I thought about how we'd danced together for half a song, and my heart
felt even heavier.
I watched Thalia pacing in the snow at the edge of camp, walking among the wolves
without fear.
She stopped and looked back at Westover Hall, which was now completely dark,
looming on the hillside beyond the woods.
I wondered what she was thinking.
Seven years ago, Thalia had been turned into a pine tree by her father, to prevent her
from dying.
She'd stood her ground against an army of monsters on top of Half-Blood Hill in
order to give her friends Luke and Annabeth time to escape.
She'd only been back as a human
for a few months now, and once in a while she would stand so motionless you'd think she was
still a tree.
Finally, one of the Hunters brought me my backpack.
If Annabeth's mother was Athena, the goddess of wisdom,
then why didn't Annabeth know better than to fall off a cliff?
(I tried not to strangle Nico for
asking that one.)
Was Annabeth my girlfriend?
(At this point, I was ready to stick the kid in a
meat-flavored sack and throw him to the wolves.)
I figured any second he was going to ask me how many hit points I had, and I'd lose my
cool completely, but then Zoe Nightshade came up to us.
"Percy Jackson.
"
She had dark brown eyes and a slightly upturned nose.
With her silver circlet and her
proud expression, she looked so much like royalty that I had to resist the urge to sit up straight
and say "Yes, ma'am."
She studied me distastefully, like I was a bag of dirty laundry she'd
been sent to fetch.
"Come with me," she said.
"Lady Artemis wishes to speak with thee."

Zoe led me to the last tent, which looked no different from the others, and waved me
inside.
Bianca di Angelo was seated next to the auburn-haired girl, who I still had trouble
thinking of as Artemis.
The inside of the tent was warm and comfortable.
Silk rugs and pillows covered the
floor.
In the center, a golden brazier of fire seemed to burn without fuel or smoke.
Behind the
goddess, on a polished oak display stand, was her huge silver bow, carved to resemble gazelle
horns.
The walls were hung with animal pelts: black bear, tiger, and several others I didn't
recognize.
I figured an animal rights activist would've had a heart attack looking at all those
rare skins, but maybe since Artemis was the goddess of the hunt, she could replenish
whatever she shot.
I thought she had another animal pelt lying next to her, and then I realized
it was a live animal—a deer with glittering fur and silver horns, its head resting contentedly in
Artemis's lap.
"Join us, Percy Jackson," the goddess said.
I sat across from her on the tent floor.
The goddess studied me, which made me
uncomfortable.
She had such old eyes for a young girl.
"Are you surprised by my age?"
she asked.
"Uh… a little."
"I could appear as a grown woman, or a blazing fire, or anything else I want, but this is
what I prefer.
This is the average age of my Hunters, and all young maidens for whom I am
patron, before they go astray."
"Go astray?"
I asked.
"Grow up.
Become smitten with boys.
Become silly, preoccupied, insecure.
Forget
themselves.
"
"Oh."
Zoe sat down at Artemis's right.
She glared at me as if all the stuff Artemis had just said
was my fault, like I'd invented the idea of being a guy.
"You must forgive my Hunters if they do not welcome you," Artemis said.
"It is very
rare that we would have boys in this camp.
Boys are usually forbidden to have any contact
with the Hunters.
The last one to see this camp…" She looked at Zoe.
"Which one was it?"
"That boy in Colorado," Zoe said.
"You turned him into a jackalope."
"Ah, yes."
Artemis nodded, satisfied.
"I enjoy making jackalopes.
At any rate, Percy,
I've asked you here so that you might tell me more of the manticore.
Bianca has reported
some of the… mmm, disturbing things the monster said.
But she may not have understood
them.
I'd like to hear them from you.
"
And so I told her.
When I was done, Artemis put her hand thoughtfully on her silver bow.
"I feared this
was the answer."
Zoe sat forward.
"The scent, my lady?"
"Yes."
"What scent?"
I asked.
"Things are stirring that I have not hunted in millennia," Artemis murmured.
"Prey so
old I have nearly forgotten.
"
She stared at me intently.
"We came here tonight sensing the manticore, but he was not
the one I seek.
Tell me again, exactly what Dr. Thorn said."
"Um, 'I hate middle school dances.'"
"No, no.
After that.
"
"He said somebody called the General was going to explain things to me."
Zoe's face paled.
She turned to Artemis and started to say something, but Artemis raised
her hand.
"Go on, Percy," the goddess said.
"Well, then Thorn was talking about the Great Stir Pot—"
"Stirring," Bianca corrected.
"Yeah.
And he said, 'Soon we shall have the most important monster of all—the one
that shall bring about the downfall of Olympus.'
"
The goddess was so still she could've been a statue.
"Maybe he was lying," I said.
Artemis shook her head.
"No. He was not.
I've been too slow to see the signs.
I must
hunt this monster.
"
Zoe looked like she was trying very hard not to be afraid, but she nodded.
"We will
leave right away, my lady.
"
"No, Zoe.
I must do this alone."
"But, Artemis—"
"This task is too dangerous even for the Hunters.
You know where I must start my
search.
You cannot go there with me."
"As… as you wish, my lady.
"
I will find this creature," Artemis vowed.
"And I shall bring it back to Olympus by
winter solstice.
It will be all the proof I need to convince the Council of the Gods of how
much danger we are in.
"
"You know what the monster is?"
I asked.
Artemis gripped her bow.
"Let us pray I am wrong.
"
"Can goddesses pray?"
I asked, because I'd never really thought about that.
A flicker of a smile played across Artemis's lips.
"Before I go, Percy Jackson, I have a
small task for you."
"Does it involve getting turned into a jackalope?"
"Sadly, no.
I want you to escort the Hunters back to Camp Half-Blood.
They can stay
there in safety until I return.
"
"What?"
Zoe' blurted out.
"But, Artemis, we hate that place.
The last time we stayed
there—"
"Yes, I know," Artemis said.
"But I'm sure Dionysus will not hold a grudge just because
of a little, ah, misunderstanding.
It's your right to use Cabin Eight whenever you are in need.
Besides, I hear they rebuilt the cabins you burned down.
"
Zoe muttered something about foolish campers.
"And now there is one last decision to make."
Artemis turned to Bianca.
"Have you
made up your mind, my girl?"
Bianca hesitated.
"I'm still thinking about it."
"Wait," I said.
"Thinking about what?"
"They… they've invited me to join the Hunt.
"

"What?
But you can't!
You have to come to Camp Half-Blood
so Chiron can train you.
It's the only way you can learn to survive."
"It is not the only way for a girl," Zoe said.
I couldn't believe I was hearing this.
"Bianca, camp is cool!
It's got a pegasus stable and
a sword-fighting arena and… I mean, what do you get by joining the Hunters?"
"To begin with," Zoe said, "immortality.
"
I stared at her, then at Artemis.
"She's kidding, right?"
"Zoe rarely kids about anything," Artemis said.
"My Hunters follow me on my
adventures.
They are my maidservants, my companions, my sisters-in-arms.
Once they swear
loyalty to me, they are indeed immortal… unless they fall in battle, which is unlikely.
Or
break their oath."
"What oath?"
I said.
"To foreswear romantic love forever," Artemis said.
"To never grow up, never get
married.
To be a maiden eternally.
"
"Like you?"
The goddess nodded.
I tried to imagine what she was saying.
Being immortal.
Hanging out with only middleschool girls forever.
I couldn't get my mind around it.
"So you just go around the country
recruiting half-bloods—"
"Not just half-bloods," Zoe interrupted.
"Lady Artemis does not discriminate by birth.
All who honor the goddess may join.
Half-bloods, nymphs, mortals—"
"Which are you, then?"
Anger flashed in Zoe's eyes.
"That is not thy concern, boy.
The point is Bianca may join
if she wishes.
It is her choice."
"Bianca, this is crazy," I said.
"What about your brother?
Nico can't be a Hunter.
"
"Certainly not," Artemis agreed.
"He will go to camp.
Unfortunately, that's the best boys
can do.
"
"Hey!" I protested.
"You can see him from time to time," Artemis assured Bianca.
"But you will be free of
responsibility.
He will have the camp counselors to take care of him.
And you will have a new
family.
Us."
"A new family," Bianca repeated dreamily.
"Free of responsibility."

"Bianca, you can't do this," I said.
"It's nuts.
"
She looked at Zoe.
"Is it worth it?"
Zoe nodded.
"It is."
"What do I have to do?"
"Say this," Zoe told her, " 'I pledge myself to the goddess Artemis.'
"
"I… I pledge myself to the goddess Artemis.
"
"'I turn my back on the company of men, accept eternal maidenhood, and join the
Hunt.'"
Bianca repeated the lines.
"That's it?"
Zoe nodded.
"If Lady Artemis accepts thy pledge, then it is binding.
"
"I accept it," Artemis said.
The flames in the brazier brightened, casting a silver glow over the room.
Bianca looked
no different, but she took a deep breath and opened her eyes wide.
"I feel… stronger.
"
"Welcome, sister," Zoe said.
"Remember your pledge," Artemis said.
"It is now your life.
"
I couldn't speak.
I felt like a trespasser.
And a complete failure.
I couldn't believe I'd
come all this way and suffered so much only to lose Bianca to some eternal girls' club.
"Do not despair, Percy Jackson," Artemis said.
"You will still get to show the di
Angelos your camp.
And if Nico so chooses, he can stay there.
"
"Great," I said, trying not to sound surly.
"How are we supposed to get there?"
Artemis closed her eyes.
"Dawn is approaching.
Zoe, break camp.
You must get to
Long Island quickly and safely.
I shall summon a ride from my brother.
"
Zoe didn't look real happy about this idea, but she nodded and told Bianca to follow her.
As she was leaving, Bianca paused in front of me.
"I'm sorry, Percy.
But I want this.
I really,
really do.
"
Then she was gone, and I was left alone with the twelve-year-old goddess.
"So," I said glumly.
"We're going to get a ride from your brother, huh?"
Artemis's silver eyes gleamed.
"Yes, boy.
You see, Bianca di Angelo is not the only one
with an annoying brother.
It's time for you to meet my irresponsible twin, Apollo.
"

FOUR
THALIA TORCHES NEW ENGLAND

Artemis assured us that dawn was coming, but you could've fooled me.
It was colder
and darker and snowier than ever.
Up on the hill, Westover Hall's windows were completely
lightless.
I wondered if the teachers had even noticed the di Angelos and Dr. Thorn were
missing yet.
I didn't want to be around when they did.
With my luck, the only name Mrs.
Gottschalk would remember was "Percy Jackson," and then I'd be the subject of a nationwide
manhunt… again.
The Hunters broke camp as quickly as they'd set it up.
I stood shivering in the snow
(unlike the Hunters, who didn't seem to feel at all uncomfortable), and Artemis stared into the
east like she was expecting something.
Bianca sat off to one side, talking with Nico.
I could
tell from his gloomy face that she was explaining her decision to join the Hunt.
I couldn't help
thinking how selfish it was of her, abandoning her brother like that.
Thalia and Grover came up and huddled around me, anxious to hear what had happened
in my audience with the goddess.
And where is Annabeth?"
"Oh, dear," Mr. D said in a bored voice, "Not another one lost.
"

I'd been trying not to pay attention to Mr. D, but he was kind of hard to ignore in his
neon orange leopard-skin warm-up suit and his purple running shoes.
(Like Mr. D had ever
run a day in his immortal life.)
A golden laurel wreath was tilted sideways on his curly black
hair, which must've meant he'd won the last hand of cards.
"What do you mean?"
Thalia asked.
He'd practically raised Annabeth all those years she was a year-round camper, before
she'd given living with her dad and stepmom a second try.
"She's very bright.
If… if our
enemies have her, she will try to play for time.
She may even pretend to cooperate.
"
"That's right," Thalia said.
"We'll get Annabeth back," I promised.
"I just don't know how yet."
Best two
years of my life were when I was running around with Luke and Annabeth.
But still—"
"That's why you had trouble with the sun van.
"
She gave me a wary look.
"What do you mean?"
"The way you stiffened up.
You must've been thinking about your mom, not wanting to
get behind the wheel.
"
I was sorry I'd said anything.
I took Annabeth's baseball cap out of my backpack and set it on my nightstand.
I'd give
it to her when I found her.
And I would find her.
I took off my wristwatch and activated the shield.
It creaked noisily as it spiraled out.
Dr. Thorn's spikes had dented the brass in a dozen places.
One gash kept the shield from
opening all the way, so it looked like a pizza with two slices missing.
The beautiful metal
pictures that my brother had crafted were all banged up.
In the picture of me and Annabeth
fighting the Hydra, it looked like a meteor had made a crater in my head.
I hung the shield on
its hook, next to the Minotaur horn, but it was painful to look at now.
Maybe Beckendorf
from the Hephaestus cabin could fix it for me.
He was the best armorsmith in the camp.
I'd
ask him at dinner.
I was staring at the shield when I noticed a strange sound—water gurgling—and I
realized there was something new in the room.
At the back of the cabin was a big basin of
gray sea rock, with a spout like the head of a fish carved in stone.
Out of its mouth burst a
stream of water, a saltwater spring that trickled into the pool.
The water must've been hot,
because it sent mist into the cold winter air like a sauna.
It made the room feel warm and
summery, fresh with the smell of the sea.
I stepped up to the pool.
There was no note attached or anything, but I knew it could
only be a gift from Poseidon.
I looked into the water and said, "Thanks, Dad."
The surface rippled.
At the bottom of the pool, coins shimmered—a dozen or so golden
drachma.
I realized what the fountain was for.
It was a reminder to keep in touch with my
family.
I opened the nearest window, and the wintry sunlight made a rainbow in the mist.
Then
I fished a coin out of the hot water.
"Iris, O Goddess of the Rainbow," I said, "accept my offering.
"

I tossed a coin into the mist and it disappeared.
Then I realized I didn't know who to
contact first.
My mom?
That would've been the "good son" thing to do, but she wouldn't be worried
about me yet.
She was used to me disappearing for days or weeks at a time.
My father?
It had been way too long, almost two years, since I'd actually talked to him.
But could you even send an Iris-message to a god?
I'd never tried.
Would it make them mad,
like a sales call or something?
I hesitated.
Then I made up my mind.
"Show me Tyson," I requested.
"At the forges of the Cyclopes."
The mist shimmered, and the image of my half brother appeared.
He was surrounded in
fire, which would've been a problem if he weren't a Cyclops.
He was bent over an anvil,
hammering a red-hot sword blade.
Sparks flew and flames swirled around his body.
There
was a marble-framed window behind him, and it looked out onto dark blue water—the bottom
of the ocean.
"Tyson!"
I yelled.
He didn't hear me at first because of the hammering and the roar of the flames.
"TYSON!"
He turned, and his one enormous eye widened.
His face broke into a crooked yellow
grin.
"Percy!"
He dropped the sword blade and ran at me, trying to give me a hug.
The vision blurred
and I instinctively lurched back.
"Tyson, it's an Iris-message.
I'm not really here."
"Oh."
He came back into view, looking embarrassed.
"Oh, I knew that.
Yes."
"How are you?"
I asked.
"How's the job?"
His eye lit up.
"Love the job!
Look!"
He picked up the hot sword blade with his bare
hands.
"I made this!"
"That's really cool.
"
"I wrote my name on it.
Right there."
"Awesome. Listen, do you talk to Dad much?
"
Tyson's smile faded.
"Not much.
Daddy is busy.
He is worried about the war.
"
"What do you mean?"

Tyson sighed.
He stuck the sword blade out the window, where it made a cloud of
boiling bubbles.
When Tyson brought it back in, the metal was cool.
"Old sea spirits making
trouble.
Aigaios.
Oceanus.
Those guys.
"
I sort of knew what he was talking about.
He meant the immortals who ruled the oceans
back in the days of the Titans.
Before the Olympians took over.
The fact that they were back
now, with the Titan Lord Kronos and his allies gaining strength, was not good.
"Is there anything I can do?"
I asked.
Tyson shook his head sadly.
"We are arming the mermaids.
They need a thousand more
swords by tomorrow."
He looked at his sword blade and sighed.
"Old spirits are protecting the
bad boat.
"
"The Princess Andromeda?" I said.
Tyson thought Annabeth was just about
the coolest thing since peanut butter (and he seriously loved peanut butter).
I didn't have the
heart to tell him she was missing.
He'd start crying so bad he'd probably put out his fires.
"Well, no… she's not here right now."
"Tell her hello!"
He beamed.
"Hello to Annabeth!"
"Okay."
I fought back a lump in my throat.
"I'll do that.
"
"And, Percy, don't worry about the bad boat.
It is going away.
"
"What do you mean?"
"Panama Canal!
Very far away.
"
I frowned.
Annabeth was on a dark hillside, shrouded in fog.
It almost seemed like the
Underworld, because I immediately felt claustrophobic and I couldn't see the sky above—just
a close, heavy darkness, as if I were in a cave.
Annabeth struggled up the hill.
Old broken Greek columns of black marble were
scattered around, as though something had blasted a huge building to rums.
"Thorn!"
Annabeth cried.
"Where are you?
Why did you bring me here?"
She
scrambled over a section of broken wall and came to the crest of the hill.
She gasped.
Annabeth had tears in her eyes.
He didn't deserve anything from Annabeth.
He began to walk away as the trembling blackness
threatened to crush Annabeth.
"HELP ME!"
"
The ceiling of darkness began to crumble again, pushing Annabeth against the ground.
I sat bolt upright in bed, clawing at the sheets.
There was no sound in my cabin except
the gurgle of the saltwater spring.
The clock on my nightstand read just after midnight.
Only a dream, but I was sure of two things:
Annabeth was in terrible danger.
"
"Well, it seems to me… maybe Annabeth was thinking about joining.
"

I'd like to say I took the news well.
The truth was, I wanted to strangle the Hunters of Artemis one eternal maiden at a time.
The rest of the day I tried to keep busy, but I was worried sick about Annabeth.
I went to
javelin-throwing class, but the Ares camper in charge chewed me out after I got distracted and
threw the javelin at the target before he got out of the way.
I apologized for the hole in his
pants, but he still sent me packing.
I visited the pegasus stables, but Silena Beauregard from the Aphrodite cabin was
having an argument with one of the Hunters, and I decided I'd better not get involved.
After that, I sat in the empty chariot stands and sulked.
Down at the archery fields,
Chiron was conducting target practice.
I knew he'd be the best person to talk to.
Maybe he
could give me some advice, but something held me back.
I had a feeling Chiron would try to
protect me, like he always did.
He might not tell me everything he knew.
I looked the other direction.
At the top of Half-Blood Hill, Mr. D and Argus were
feeding the baby dragon that guarded the Golden Fleece.
Then it occurred to me: no one would be in the Big House.
There was someone else…
something else I could ask for guidance.
My blood was humming in my ears as I ran into the house and took the stairs.
I'd only
done this once before, and I still had nightmares about it.
I opened the trap door and stepped
into the attic.
The room was dark and dusty and cluttered with junk, just like I remembered.
There
were shields with monster bites out of them, and swords bent in the shapes of daemon heads,
and a bunch of taxidermy, like a stuffed harpy and a bright orange python.
Over by the window, sitting on a three-legged stool, was the shriveled-up mummy of an
old lady in a tie-dyed hippie dress.
The Oracle.
I made myself walk toward her.
I waited for green mist to billow from the mummy's
mouth, like it had before, but nothing happened.
"Hi," I said.
"Uh, what's up?"
I winced at how stupid that sounded.
Not much could be "up" when you're dead and
stuck in the attic.
But I knew the spirit of the Oracle was in there somewhere.
I could feel a
cold presence in the room, like a coiled sleeping snake.
"I have a question," I said a little louder.
"I need to know about Annabeth.
How can I
save her?
"
No answer.
The sun slanted through the dirty attic window, lighting the dust motes
dancing in the air.
I waited longer.
Then I got angry.
I was being stonewalled by a corpse.
"All right," I said.
"Fine.
I'll figure it out myself.
"
I turned and bumped into a big table full of souvenirs.
It seemed more cluttered than the
last time I was here.
Heroes stored all kinds of stuff in the attic: quest trophies they no longer
wanted to keep in their cabins, or stuff that held painful memories.
Two years ago, Annabeth had ripped
this scarf out of my hands and said something like, Oh, no.
No love magic for you!
I'd just assumed she'd thrown it away.
And yet here it was.
She'd kept it all this time?
And why had she stashed it in the attic?
I turned to the mummy.
She hadn't moved, but the shadows across her face made it look
like she was smiling gruesomely.
I dropped the scarf and tried not to run toward the exit.
That night after dinner, I was seriously ready to beat the Hunters at capture the flag.
It
was going to be a small game: only thirteen Hunters, including Bianca di Angelo, and about
the same number of campers.
Zoe Nightshade looked pretty upset.
She kept glancing resentfully at Chiron, like she
couldn't believe he was making her do this.
The other Hunters didn't look too happy, either.
Unlike last night, they weren't laughing or joking around.
They just huddled together in the
dining pavilion, whispering nervously to each other as they strapped on their armor.
Some of
them even looked like they'd been crying.
I guess Zoe had told them about her nightmare.
My first year, Annabeth had put me out as a kind of bait, and I'd almost been
gored to death with spears and killed by a hellhound.
"Yeah, no problem," I lied.
"Cool."
Thalia turned to help some of the Aphrodite kids, who were having trouble
suiting up their armor without breaking their nails.
Nico di Angelo ran up to me with a big
grin on his face.
"Percy, this is awesome!"
His blue-feathered bronze helmet was falling in his eyes, and
his breastplate was about six sizes too big.
I wondered if there was any way I'd looked that
ridiculous when I'd first arrived.
Unfortunately, I probably had.
Nico lifted his sword with effort.
"Do we get to kill the other team?"
"Well… no."
"But the Hunters are immortal, right?"
"That's only if they don't fall in battle.
Besides—"
"It would be awesome if we just, like, resurrected as soon as we were killed, so we
could keep fighting, and—"
"Nico, this is serious.
Real swords.
These can hurt.
"
He stared at me, a little disappointed, and I realized that I'd just sounded like my
mother.
Whoa.
Not a good sign.
I patted Nico on the shoulder.
"Hey, it's cool.
Just follow the team.
Stay out of Zoe's
way.
We'll have a blast."
Chiron's hoof thundered on the pavilion floor.
"Heroes!"
he called.
"You know the rules!
The creek is the boundary line.
Blue team—
Camp Half-Blood—shall take the west woods.
Hunters of Artemis—red team—shall take the
east woods.
I will serve as referee and battlefield medic.
No intentional maiming, please!
All
magic items are allowed.
To your positions!"
"Sweet," Nico whispered next to me.
"What kind of magic items?
Do I get one?"
I was about to break it to him that he didn't, when Thalia said, "Blue team!
Follow me!"
They cheered and followed.
I had to run to catch up, and tripped over somebody's
shield, so I didn't look much like a co-captain.
More like an idiot.
Somehow, it was okay when Annabeth called me that—at least, I'd gotten used to it—
but hearing it from Thalia was not cool.
"Bring it on, Pinecone Face!"
I raised Riptide, but before I could even defend myself, Thalia yelled, and a blast of
lightning came down from the sky, hit her spear like a lightning rod, and slammed into my
chest.
I sat down hard.
There was a burning smell; I had a feeling it was my clothes.
"Thalia!"
Chiron said.
"That is enough!"
I got to my feet and willed the entire creek to rise.
It swirled up, hundreds of gallons of
water in a massive icy funnel cloud.
"Percy!"
Chiron pleaded.
I was about to hurl it at Thalia when I saw something in the woods.
I lost my anger and
my concentration all at once.
The water splashed back into the creekbed.
Thalia was so
surprised she turned to see what I was looking at.
Someone… something was approaching.
It was shrouded in a murky green mist, but as
it got closer, the campers and Hunters gasped.
"This is impossible," Chiron said.
I'd never heard him sound so nervous.
"It… she has
never left the attic.
Never."
And yet, the withered mummy that held the Oracle shuffled forward until she stood in
the center of the group.
Mist curled around our feet, turning the snow a sickly shade of green.
None of us dared move.
Then her voice hissed inside my head.
Apparently everyone
could hear it, because several clutched their hands over the ears.
I am the sprit of Delphi, the voice said.
Speaker of the prophecies of Phoebus Apollo,
slayer of the mighty Python.
The Oracle regarded me with its cold, dead eyes.
Then she turned unmistakably toward
Zoe Nightshade.
Approach, Seeker, and ask.
Zoe swallowed.
"What must I do to help my goddess?
"
The Oracle's mouth opened, and green mist poured out.
I saw the vague image of a
mountain, and a girl standing at the barren peak.
It was Artemis, but she was wrapped in
chains, fettered to the rocks.
She was kneeling, her hands raised as if to fend off an attacker,
and it looked like she was in pain.
The Oracle spoke:

Five shall go west to the goddess in chains,
One shall be lost in the land without rain,
The bane of Olympus shows the trail,
Campers and Hunters combined prevail,
The Titan's curse must one withstand,
And one shall perish by a parent's hand.
Then, as we were watching, the mist swirled and retreated like a great green serpent into
the mummy's mouth.
The Oracle sat down on a rock and became as still as she'd been in the
attic, as if she might sit by this creek for a hundred years.
SEVEN
EVERYBODY HATES ME
BUT THE HORSE

The least the Oracle could've done was walk back to the attic by herself.
And she'd said
nothing, not even a hint, about Annabeth.
"What will Chiron do?"
I asked Grover.
"I wish I knew."
He looked wistfully out the second-floor window at the rolling hills
covered in snow.
"I want to be out there.
"
"Searching for Annabeth?
"
He had a little trouble focusing on me.
Then he blushed.
"Oh, right.
That too.
Of
course.
"
"Why?" I asked.
"What were you thinking?"
He clopped his hooves uneasily.
"Just something the manticore said, about the Great
Stirring.
I can't help but wonder… if all those ancient powers are waking up, maybe… maybe
not all of them are evil.
I remembered a conversation I'd had last year with Annabeth.
I'd asked her, if I was so
potentially dangerous, why the gods didn't just kill me.
Some of the gods would like to kill you, she'd said.
"Because of thy friend Annabeth?"
I felt myself blushing.
I hated that everyone was looking at me.
"No!
I mean, partly.
I just
feel like I'm supposed to go!"
Nobody rose to my defense.
Mr. D looked bored, still reading his magazine.
Silena, the
Stoll brothers, and Beckendorf were staring at the table.
Bianca gave me a look of pity.
"No," Zoe said flatly.
"I insist upon this.
I will take a satyr if I must, but not a male
hero."
Chiron sighed.
"The quest is for Artemis.
The Hunters should be allowed to approve
their companions.
"
My ears were ringing as I sat down.
But I promise, I'll look everywhere for Annabeth.
If I can find her, I will.
"
I nodded and tried to ignore the big crater that was opening in my chest.
"Grover," Chiron said, "perhaps you'd let me have a word with Percy?"
"Sure," he sniffled.
I told her about Annabeth.
The other
stuff too, but mostly it boiled down to Annabeth.
My mother's eyes teared up.
I could tell she was trying hard to keep it together for my
sake.
"Oh, Percy…"
"Yeah.
So they tell me there's nothing I can do.
I guess I'll be coming home.
"
She turned her pencil around in her fingers.
"Percy, as much as I want you to come
home"—she sighed like she was mad at herself—"as much as I want you to be safe, I want
you to understand something.
You need to do whatever you think you have to.
"
I stared at her.
"What do you mean?"
"I mean, do you really, deep down, believe that you have to help save her?
Do you think
it's the right thing to do?
Because I know one thing about you, Percy.
Your heart is always in
the right place.
Listen to it."
"You're… you're telling me to go?"
My mother pursed her lips.
"I'm telling you that… you're getting too old for me to tell
you what to do.
I'm telling you that I'll support you, even if what you decide to do is
dangerous.
I can't believe I'm saying this.
"
"Mom—"
The toilet flushed down the hall in our apartment.
"I don't have much time," my mom said.
"Percy, whatever you decide, I love you.
And I
know you'll do what's best for Annabeth."
"How can you be sure?"
"Because she'd do the same for you.
"
And with that, my mother waved her hand over the mist, and the connection dissolved,
leaving me with one final image of her new friend, Mr. Blowfish, smiling down at her.
I don't remember falling asleep, but I remember the dream.
I was back in that barren cave, the ceiling heavy and low above me.
Annabeth was
kneeling under the weight of a dark mass that looked like a pile of boulders.
She was too tired
even to cry out.
Her legs trembled.
Any second, I knew she would run out of strength and the
cavern ceiling would collapse on top of her.
"How is our mortal guest?"
a male voice boomed.
It wasn't Kronos.
Kronos's voice was raspy and metallic, like a knife scraped across
stone.
I'd heard it taunting me many times before in my dreams.
But this voice was deeper and
lower, like a bass guitar.
Its force made the ground vibrate.
He ran to Annabeth, knelt beside her, then looked
back at the unseen man.
"She's fading.
We must hurry.
"
The hypocrite.
Like he really cared what happened to her.
The deep voice chuckled.
It belonged to someone in the shadows, at the edge of my
dream.
Then a meaty hand thrust someone forward into the light—Artemis—her hands and
feet bound in celestial bronze chains.
I gasped.
Her silvery dress was torn and tattered.
Her face and arms were cut in several
places, and she was bleeding ichor, the golden blood of the gods.
"You heard the boy," said the man in the shadows.
"Decide!"
Artemis's eyes flashed with anger.
I didn't know why she just didn't will the chains to
burst, or make herself disappear, but she didn't seem able to.
Maybe the chains prevented her,
or some magic about this dark, horrible place.
The goddess looked at Annabeth and her expression changed to concern and outrage.
Artemis ran to Annabeth and took the burden from her shoulders.
Annabeth collapsed
on the ground and lay there shivering.
Artemis staggered, trying to support the weight of the
black rocks.
The man in the shadows chuckled.
"You are as predictable as you were easy to beat,
Artemis.
"
"You surprised me," the goddess said, straining under her burden.
"It will not happen
again.
"
"Indeed it will not," the man said.
"Now you are out of the way for good!
I knew you
could not resist helping a young maiden.
That is, after all, your specialty, my dear.
"
Artemis groaned "You know nothing of mercy, you swine.
"
"On that," the man said, "we can agree.
"
Luke gathered up Annabeth's listless body and carried her away from the goddess.
"You will never find the monster you seek," Artemis said.
"Your plan will fail."
"How little you know, my young goddess," the man in the shadows said.
"Even now,
your darling attendants begin their quest to find you.
They shall play directly into my hands.
Now, if you'll excuse us, we have a long journey to make.
We must greet your Hunters and
make sure their quest is… challenging.
"

The man's laughter echoed in the darkness, shaking the ground until it seemed the whole
cavern ceiling would collapse.
I woke with a start.
I was sure I'd heard a loud banging.
I looked around the cabin.
It
was dark outside.
The salt spring still gurgled.
No other sounds but the hoot of an owl in the
woods and the distant surf on the beach.
In the moonlight, on my nightstand was Annabeth's
New York Yankees cap.
I stared at it for a second and then:BANG BANG.
Someone, or something, was pounding on my door.
I grabbed Riptide and got out of
bed.
"Hello?" I called.
THUMP.
THUMP.I crept to the door.
I uncapped the blade, flung open the door, and found myself face-to-face with a black
pegasus.
Whoa, boss!
Its voice spoke in my mind as it clopped away from the sword blade.
I
don't wanna be a horse-ke-bob!
Its black wings spread in alarm, and the wind buffeted me back a step,
"Blackjack," I said, relieved but a little irritated.
"It's the middle of the night!"
Blackjack huffed.
Ain't either, boss.
It's five in the morning.
What you still sleeping for?
"How many times have I told you?
Don't call me boss.
"
Whatever you say, boss.
You're the man.
You're my number one.
I rubbed the sleep out
of my eyes and tried not to let the pegasus read my thoughts.
And on my nightstand was Annabeth's magic Yankees cap.
On an impulse, I
stuck the cap in my pocket.
I guess I had a feeling, even then, that I wasn't coming back to my
cabin for a long, long time.
EIGHT
I MAKE A DANGEROUS PROMISE

Blackjack gave me a ride down the beach, and I have to admit it was cool.
Being on a
flying horse, skimming over the waves at a hundred miles an hour with the wind in my hair
and the sea spray in my face—hey, it beats waterskiing any day.
Here.
Blackjack slowed and turned in a circle.
Straight down.
"Thanks."
I tumbled off his back and plunged into the icy sea.
I'd gotten more comfortable doing stunts like that the past couple of years.
I could pretty
much move
however I wanted to underwater, just by willing the ocean currents to change
around me and propel me along, I could breathe underwater, no problem, and my clothes
never got wet unless I wanted them to.
I shot down into the darkness.
Twenty, thirty, forty feet.
The pressure wasn't uncomfortable.
I'd never tried to push
it—to see if there was a limit to how deep I could dive.
I knew most regular humans couldn't
go past two hundred feet without crumpling like an aluminum can.
I should've been blind, too,
this deep in the water at night, but I could see the heat from living forms, and the cold of the
currents.
It's hard to describe.
It wasn't like regular seeing, but I could tell where everything
was.
As I got closer to the bottom, I saw three hippocampi—fish-tailed horses—swimming in
a circle around an overturned boat.
The hippocampi were beautiful to watch.
Their fish tails
shimmered in rainbow colors, glowing phosphorescent.
Their manes were white, and they
were galloping through the water the way nervous horses do in a thunderstorm.
Something
was upsetting them.
I got closer and saw the problem.
A dark shape—some kind of animal—was wedged
halfway under the boat and tangled in a fishing net, one of those big nets they use on trawlers
to catch everything at once.
I hated those things.
It was bad enough they drowned porpoises
and dolphins, but they also occasionally caught mythological animals.
When the nets got
tangled, some lazy fishermen would just cut them loose and let the trapped animals die.
Apparently this poor creature had been mucking around on the bottom of Long Island
Sound and had somehow gotten itself tangled in the net of this sunken fishing boat.
It had
tried to get out and managed to get even more hopelessly stuck, shifting the boat in the
process.
Now the wreckage of the hull, which was resting against a big rock, was teetering
and threatening to collapse on top of the tangled animal.
The hippocampi were swimming around frantically, wanting to help but not sure how.
One was trying to chew the net, but hippocampi teeth just aren't meant for cutting rope.
Hippocampi are really strong, but they don't have hands, and they're not (shhh) all that smart.
Free it, lord!
A hippocampus said when it saw me.
The others joined in, asking the
same thing.
I swam in for a closer look at the tangled creature.
At first I thought it was a young
hippocampus.
I'd rescued several of them before.
But then I heard a strange sound, something
that did not belong underwater:
"Mooooooo!"
I got next to the thing and saw that it was a cow.
I mean… I'd heard of sea cows, like
manatees and stuff, but this really was a cow with the back end of a serpent.
The front half
was a calf—a baby, with black fur and big, sad brown eyes and a white muzzle—and its back
half was a black-and-brown snaky tail with fins running down the top and bottom, like an
enormous eel.
"Whoa, little one," I said.
"Where did you come from?"
The creature looked at me sadly.
"Moooo!"
But I couldn't understand its thoughts.
I only speak horse.
We don't know what it is, lord, one of the hippocampi said.
Many strange things are
stirring.
"Yeah," I murmured.
"So I've heard.
"
I uncapped Riptide, and the sword grew to full length in my hands, its bronze blade
gleaming in the dark.
The cow serpent freaked out and started struggling against the net, its eyes full of terror.
"Whoa!"
I said.
"I'm not going to hurt you!
Just let me cut the net.
"
But the cow serpent thrashed around and got even more tangled.
The boat started to tilt,
stirring up the muck on the sea bottom and threatening to topple onto the cow serpent.
The
hippocampi whinnied in a panic and thrashed in the water, which didn't help.
"Okay, okay!"
I said.
I put away the sword and started speaking as calmly as I could so
the hippocampi and the cow serpent would stop panicking.
I didn't know if it was possible to
get stampeded underwater, but I didn't really want to find out.
"It's cool.
No sword.
See?
No
sword.
Calm thoughts.
Sea grass.
Mama cows.
Vegetarianism.
"
I doubted the cow serpent understood what I was saying, but it responded to the tone of
my voice.
The hippocampi were still skittish, but they stopped swirling around me quite so
fast.
Free it, lord!
they pleaded.
"Yeah," I said.
"I got that part.
I'm thinking.
"

But how could I free the cow serpent when she (I decided it was probably a "she")
panicked at the sight of a blade?
It was like she'd seen swords before and knew how
dangerous they were.
"All right," I told the hippocampi.
"I need all of you to push exactly the way I tell you.
"
First we started with the boat.
It wasn't easy, but with the strength of three horsepower,
we managed to shift the wreckage so it was no longer threatening to collapse on the baby cow
serpent.
Then I went to work on the net, untangling it section by section, getting lead weights
and fishing hooks straightened out, yanking out knots around the cow serpent's hooves.
It took
forever—I mean, it was worse than the time I'd had to untangle all my video game controller
wires.
The whole time, I kept talking to the cow fish, telling her everything was okay while
she mooed and moaned.
"It's okay, Bessie," I said.
Don't ask me why I started calling her that.
It just seemed like
a good cow name.
"Good cow.
Nice cow.
"
Finally, the net came off and the cow serpent zipped through the water and did a happy
somersault.
The hippocampi whinnied with joy.
Thank you, lord!
"Moooo!"The cow serpent nuzzled me and gave me the big brown eyes.
"Yeah," I said.
"That's okay.
Nice cow.
Well… stay out of trouble.
"
Which reminded me, I'd been underwater how long?
An hour, at least.
I had to get back
to my cabin before Argus or the harpies discovered I was breaking curfew.
I shot to the surface and broke through.
Immediately, Blackjack zoomed down and let
me catch hold of his neck.
He lifted me into the air and took me back toward the shore.
Success, boss?
"Yeah.
We rescued a baby… something or other.
Took forever.
Almost got stampeded.
"
Good deeds are always dangerous, boss.
You saved my sorry mane, didn't you?
I took Annabeth's magic cap out of my pocket and put it on.
I didn't feel any different, but when I raised my arms I couldn't see them.
I was
invisible.
I crept up to Nico and sneaked around him.
I couldn't see the girls very well in the dark,
but I knew their voices: Zoe and Bianca.
It sounded like they were arguing.
"It cannot be cured," Zoe was saying.
"Not quickly, at any rate."
"But how did it happen?"
Bianca asked.
"A foolish prank," Zoe growled.
"Those Stoll boys from the Hermes cabin.
Centaur
blood is like acid.
Everyone knows that.
They sprayed the inside of that Artemis Hunting
Tour T-shirt with it."
"That's terrible!"
"She will live," Zoe said.
"But she'll be bedridden for weeks with horrible hives.
There
is no way she can go.
It's up to me… and thee."
"But the prophecy," Bianca said.
"If Phoebe can't go, we only have four.
We'll have to
pick another.
"
"There is no time," Zoe said.
"We must leave at first light.
That's immediately.
Besides,
the prophecy said we would lose one."
"In the land without rain," Bianca said, "but that can't be here."
"It might be," Zoe said, though she didn't sound convinced.
"The camp has magic
borders.
Nothing, not even weather, is allowed in without permission.
It could be a land
without rain.
"
"But—"

"Bianca, hear me."
Zoe's voice was strained.
"I… I can't explain, but I have a sense that
we should not pick someone else.
It would be too dangerous.
They would meet an end worse
than Phoebe's.
I don't want Chiron choosing a camper as our fifth companion.
And… I don't
want to risk another Hunter.
"
Bianca was silent.
"You should tell Thalia the rest of your dream."
"No.
It would not help.
"
"But if your suspicions are correct, about the General—"
"I have thy word not to talk about that," Zoe said.
She sounded really anguished.
"We
will find out soon enough.
Now come.
Dawn is breaking.
"
Nico scooted out of their way.
He was faster than me.
As the girls sprinted down the steps, Zoe almost ran into me.
She froze, her eyes
narrowing.
Her hand crept toward her bow, but then Bianca said, "The lights of the Big House
are on.
Hurry!"
And Zoe followed her out of the pavilion.
I could tell what Nico was thinking.
He took a deep breath and was about to run after
his sister when I took off the invisibility cap and said, "Wait."
He almost slipped on the icy steps as he spun around to find me.
"Where did you come
from?"
"I've been here the whole time.
Invisible.
"
He mouthed the word invisible.
"Wow.
Cool."
"How did you know Zoe and your sister were here?"
He blushed.
"I heard them walk by the Hermes cabin.
I don't… I don't sleep too well at
camp.
So I heard footsteps, and them whispering.
And so I kind of followed."
"And now you're thinking about following them on the quest," I guessed.
"How did you know that?"
"Because if it was my sister, I'd probably be thinking the same thing.
But you can't."
He looked defiant.
"Because I'm too young?"
"Because they won't let you.
They'll catch you and send you back here.
And… yeah,
because you're too young.
You remember the manticore?
There will be lots more like that.
More dangerous.
Some of the heroes will die.
"

He shoulders sagged.
He shifted from foot to foot.
"Maybe you're right.
But, but you
can go for me."
"Say what?"
"You can turn invisible.
You can go!"
"The Hunters don't like boys," I reminded him.
"If they find out—"
"Don't let them find out.
Follow them invisibly.
Keep an eye on my sister!
You have to.
Please?"
"Nico—"
"You're planning to go anyway, aren't you?"
I wanted to say no.
But he looked me in the eyes, and I somehow couldn't lie to him.
"Yeah," I said.
"I have to find Annabeth.
I have to help, even if they don't want me to.
"
"I won't tell on you," he said.
"But you have to promise to keep my sister safe."
"I… that's a big thing to promise, Nico, on a trip like this.
Besides, she's got Zoe,
Grover, and Thalia—"
"Promise," he insisted.
"I'll do my best.
I promise that."
"Get going, then!"
he said.
"Good luck!"
It was crazy.
I wasn't packed.
I had nothing but the cap and the sword and the clothes I
was wearing.
I was supposed to be going home to Manhattan this morning.
"Tell Chiron—"
"I'll make something up."
Nico smiled crookedly.
"I'm good at that.
Go on!"
I ran, putting on Annabeth's cap.
As the sun came up, I turned invisible.
I hit the top of
Half-Blood Hill in time to see the camp's van disappearing down the farm road, probably
Argus taking the quest group into the city.
After that they would be on their own.
I felt a twinge of guilt, and stupidity, too.
How was I supposed to keep up with them.
Run?
Then I heard the beating of huge wings.
Blackjack landed next to me.
He began casually
nuzzling a few tufts of grass that stuck through the ice.
If I was guessing, boss, I'd say you need a getaway horse.
You interested?
A lump of gratitude stuck in my throat, but I managed to say, "Yeah.
Let's fly."
NINE
I LEARN HOW TO GROW ZOMBIES
The thing about flying on a pegasus during the daytime is that if you're not careful, you
can cause a serious traffic accident on the Long Island Expressway.
I had to keep Blackjack
up in the clouds, which were, fortunately, pretty low in the winter.
We darted around, trying
to keep the white Camp Half-Blood van in sight.
And if it was cold on the ground, it was
seriously cold in the air, with icy rain stinging my skin.
I was wishing I'd brought some of that Camp Half-Blood orange thermal underwear
they sold in the camp store, but after the story about Phoebe and the centaur-blood T-shirt, I
wasn't sure I trusted their products anymore.
We lost the van twice, but I had a pretty good sense that they would go into Manhattan
first, so it wasn't too difficult to pick up their trail again.
Traffic was bad with the holidays and all.
It was mid morning before they got into the
city.
I landed Blackjack near the top of the Chrysler Building and watched the white camp
van, thinking it would pull into the bus station, but it just kept driving.
"Where's Argus taking them?"
I muttered.
Oh, Argus ain't driving, boss, Blackjack told me.
That girl is.
"Which girl?"
The Hunter girl.
With the silver crown thing in her hair.
"Zoe?"
That's the one.
Hey, look!
There's a donut shop.
Can we get something to go?
I tried explaining to Blackjack that taking a flying horse to a donut shop would give
every cop in there a heart attack, but he didn't seem to get it.
Meanwhile, the van kept snaking
its way toward the Lincoln Tunnel.
It had never even occurred to me that Zoe could drive.
I
mean, she didn't look sixteen.
Then again, she was immortal.
I wondered if she had a New
York license, and if so, what her birth date said.
"Well," I said.
"Lets get after them.
"
We were about to leap off the Chrysler Building when Blackjack whinnied in alarm and
almost threw me.
Something was curling around my leg like a snake.
I reached for my sword,
but when I looked down, there was no snake.
Vines—grape vines—had sprouted from the
cracks between the stones of the building.
They were wrapping around Blackjack's legs,
lashing down my ankles so we couldn't move.
"Going somewhere?"
Mr. D asked.
He was leaning against the building with his feet levitating in the air, his leopard-skin
warm-up suit and black hair whipping around in the wind.
God alert!
Blackjack yelled.
It's the wine dude!
Mr. D sighed in exasperation.
"The next person, or horse, who calls me the 'wine dude'
will end up in a bottle of Merlot!"
"Mr. D." I tried to keep my voice calm as the grape vines continued to wrap around my
legs.
"What do you want?"
"Oh, what do I want?
You thought, perhaps, that the immortal, all-powerful director of
camp would not notice you leaving without permission?"
"Well… maybe."
"I should throw you off this building, minus the flying horse, and see how heroic you
sound on the way down.
"
I balled my fists.
I knew I should keep my mouth shut, but Mr. D was about to kill me
or haul me back to camp in shame, and I couldn't stand either idea.
"Why do you hate me so
much?
What did I ever do to you?"
Purple flames flickered in his eyes.
"You're a hero, boy.
I need no other reason.
"
"I have to go on this quest!
I've got to help my friends.
That's something you wouldn't
understand!"
Um, boss, Blackjack said nervously.
Seeing as how we're wrapped in vines nine
hundred feet in the air, you might want to talk nice.
The grape vines coiled tighter around me.
Below us, the white van was getting farther
and farther away.
Soon it would be out of sight.
"Did I ever tell you about Ariadne?"
Mr. D asked.
"Beautiful young princess of Crete?
She liked helping her friends, too.
In fact, she helped a young hero named Theseus, also a son
of Poseidon.
She gave him a ball of magical yarn that let him find his way out of the
Labyrinth.
And do you know how Theseus rewarded her?"
The answer I wanted to give was I don't care!
But I didn't figure that would make Mr. D
finish his story any faster.
"They got married," I said.
"Happily ever after.
The end."
Mr. D sneered.
"Not quite.
Theseus said he would marry her.
He took her aboard his
ship and sailed for Athens.
Halfway back, on a little island called Naxos, he… What's the

word you mortals use today?
… he dumped her.
I found her there, you know.
Alone.
Heartbroken.
Crying her eyes out.
She had given up everything, left everything she knew
behind, to help a dashing young hero who tossed her away like a broken sandal."
"That's wrong," I said.
"But that was thousands of years ago.
What's that got to do with
me?"
Mr. D regarded me coldly.
"I fell in love with Ariadne, boy.
I healed her broken heart.
And when she died, I made her my immortal wife on Olympus.
She waits for me even now.
I
shall go back to her when I am done with this infernal century of punishment at your
ridiculous camp.
"
I stared at him.
"You're… you're married?
But I thought you got in trouble for chasing a
wood nymph—"
"My point is you heroes never change.
You accuse us gods of being vain.
You should
look at yourselves.
You take what you want, use whoever you have to, and then you betray
everyone around you.
So you'll excuse me if I have no love for heroes.
They are a selfish,
ungrateful lot.
Ask Ariadne.
Or Medea.
For that matter, ask Zoe Nightshade."
"What do you mean, ask Zoe?"
He waved his hand dismissively.
"Go.
Follow your silly friends.
"
The vines uncurled around my legs.
I blinked in disbelief.
"You're… you're letting me go?
Just like that?"
"The prophecy says at least two of you will die.
Perhaps I'll get lucky and you'll be one
of them.
But mark my words, Son of Poseidon, live or die, you will prove no better than the
other heroes.
"
With that, Dionysus snapped his fingers.
His image folded up like a paper display.
There was a pop and he was gone, leaving a faint scent of grapes that was quickly blown
away by the wind.
Too close, Blackjack said.
I nodded, though I almost would have been less worried if Mr. D had hauled me back to
camp.
The fact that he'd let me go meant he really believed we stood a fair chance of crashing
and burning on this quest.
"Come on, Blackjack," I said, trying to sound upbeat.
"I'll buy you some donuts in New
Jersey.
"

As it turned out, I didn't buy Blackjack donuts in New Jersey.
Zoe drove south like a
crazy person, and we were into Maryland before she finally pulled over at a rest stop.
Blackjack darn near tumbled out of the sky, he was so tired.
I'll be okay, boss, he panted.
Just… just catching my breath.
"Stay here," I told him.
"I'm going to scout."
'Stay here' I can handle.
I can do that.
I put on my cap of invisibility and walked over to the convenience store.
It was difficult
not to sneak.
I had to keep reminding myself that nobody could see me.
It was hard, too,
because I had to remember to get out of people's way so they wouldn't slam into me.
I thought I'd go inside and warm up, maybe get a cup of hot chocolate or something.
I
had a little change in my pocket.
I could leave it on the counter.
If he had
survived that fall from the cliff, then Annabeth must have too.
My dreams had been right.
She
was alive and being held prisoner.
Thorn kept well back from my friends, careful not to be seen.
Somewhere, far to the west, Annabeth was in
danger.
Artemis was in chains.
A doomsday monster was on the loose.
And we were stuck on
the outskirts of D.C., sharing a homeless persons fire.
"You know," the homeless man said, "you're never completely without friends."
His
face was grimy and his beard tangled, but his expression seemed kindly.
"You kids need a
train going west?"
"Yes, sir," I said.
"You know of any?"
He pointed one greasy hand.
Suddenly I noticed a freight train, gleaming and free of snow.
It was one of those
automobile-carrier trains, with steel mesh curtains and a triple-deck of cars inside.
The side of
the freight train said SUN WEST LINE.
"That's… convenient," Thalia said.
"Thanks, uh…"
She turned to the homeless guy, but he was gone.
The trash can in front of us was cold
and empty, as if he'd taken the flames with him.
An hour later we were rumbling west.
There was no problem about who would drive
now, because we all got our own luxury car.
Zoe and Bianca were crashed out in a Lexus on
the top deck.
Grover was playing race car driver behind the wheel of a Lamborghini.
And
Thalia had hot-wired the radio in a black Mercedes SLK so she could pick up the alt-rock
stations from D.C.
"Join you?"
I asked her.
She shrugged, so I climbed into the shotgun seat.
The radio was playing the White Stripes.
I knew the song because it was one of the only
CDs I owned that my mom liked.
She said it reminded her of Led Zeppelin.
Thinking about
my mom made me sad, because it didn't seem likely I'd be home for Christmas.
I might not
live that long.
"Nice coat," Thalia told me.
I pulled the brown duster around me, thankful for the warmth.
"Yeah, but the Nemean
Lion wasn't the monster we're looking for.
"
"Not even close.
We've got a long way to go."

"Whatever this mystery monster is, the General said it would come for you.
They
wanted to isolate you from the group, so the monster will appear and battle you one-on-one."
"He said that?"
"Well, something like that.
Yeah."
"That's great.
I love being used as bait."
"No idea what the monster might be?"
She shook her head morosely.
"But you know where we're going, don't you?
San
Francisco.
That's where Artemis was heading.
"
I remembered something Annabeth had said at the dance: how her dad was moving to
San Francisco, and there was no way she could go.
Half-bloods couldn't live there.
"Why?" I asked.
"What's so bad about San Francisco?"
"The Mist is really thick there because the Mountain of Despair is so near.
Titan
magic—what's left of it—still lingers.
Monsters are attracted to that area like you wouldn't
believe.
"
"What's the Mountain of Despair?"
Thalia raised an eyebrow.
"You really don't know?
Ask stupid Zoe.
She's the expert.
"
She glared out the windshield.
I wanted to ask her what she was talking about, but I also
didn't want to sound like an idiot.
I hated feeling like Thalia knew more than I did, so I kept
my mouth shut.
The afternoon sun shone through the steel-mesh side of the freight car, casting a shadow
across Thalia's face.
I thought about how different she was from Zoe—Zoe all formal and
aloof like a princess, Thalia with her ratty clothes and her rebel attitude.
But there was
something similar about them, too.
The same kind of toughness.
Right now, sitting in the
shadows with a gloomy expression, Thalia looked a lot like one of the Hunters.
Then suddenly, it hit me: "That's why you don't get along with Zoe.
"
Thalia frowned.
"What?"
"The Hunters tried to recruit you," I guessed.
Her eyes got dangerously bright.
I thought she was going to zap me out of the
Mercedes, but she just sighed.
I almost joined them," she admitted.
"Luke, Annabeth, and I
ran into them once, and Zoe tried to convince me.
She almost did, but…"
"But?"
Thalia's fingers gripped the wheel.
As I watched the sun go down, I thought of Annabeth.
I was afraid to go to sleep.
I was
worried what I might dream.
"Oh, don't be afraid of dreams," a voice said right next to me.
I looked over.
Somehow, I wasn't surprised to find the homeless guy from the rail yard
sitting in the shotgun seat.
His jeans were so worn out they were almost white.
His coat was
ripped, with stuffing coming out.
He looked kind of like a teddy bear that had been run over
by a truck.
"If it weren't for dreams," he said, "I wouldn't know half the things I know about the
future.
They're better than Olympus tabloids."
He cleared his throat, then held up his hands
dramatically:

"Dreams like a podcast,
Downloading truth in my ears.
They tell me cool stuff"

Apollo?"
I guessed, because I figured nobody else could make a haiku that bad.
He put his finger to his lips.
"I'm incognito.
Call me Fred.
"And Annabeth?"
He frowned.
"Oh, you mean that girl you lost?
Hmm.
I don't know.
"
I tried not to feel mad.
I knew the gods had a hard time taking mortals seriously, even
half-bloods.
We lived such short lives, compared to the gods.
"What about the monster Artemis was seeking?"
I asked.
"Do you know what it is?"
"No," Apollo said.
"But there is one who might.
If you haven't yet found the monster
when you reach San Francisco, seek out Nereus, the Old Man of the Sea.
He has a long
memory and a sharp eye.
He has the gift of knowledge sometimes kept obscure from my
Oracle."
"But it's your Oracle," I protested.
"Can't you tell us what the prophecy means?"
Apollo sighed.
"You might as well ask an artist to explain his art, or ask a poet to
explain his poem.
It defeats the purpose.
The meaning is only clear through the search."
"In other words, you don't know.
"
Apollo checked his watch.
"Ah, look at the time!
I have to run.
I doubt I can risk
helping you again, Percy, but remember what I said!
Get some sleep!
And when you return, I
expect a good haiku about your journey!"
I wanted to protest that I wasn't tired and I'd never made up a haiku in my life, but
Apollo snapped his fingers, and the next thing I knew I was closing my eyes.
In my dream, I was somebody else.
I was wearing an old-fashioned Greek tunic, which
was a little too breezy downstairs, and laced leather sandals.
The Nemean Lion's skin was
wrapped around my back like a cape, and I was running somewhere, being pulled along by a
girl who was tightly gripping my hand.
"Hurry!"
she said.
It was too dark to see her face clearly, but I could hear the fear in her
voice.
"He will find us!"
It was nighttime.
A million stars blazed above.
We were running through tall grass, and
the scent of a thousand different flowers made the air intoxicating.
It was a beautiful garden,
and yet the girl was leading me through it, as if we were about to die.
"I'm not afraid," I tried to tell her.
"You should be!"
she said, pulling me along.
She had long dark hair braided down her
back.
Her silk robes glowed faintly in the starlight.
We raced up the side of the hill.
She pulled me behind a thorn bush and we collapsed,
both breathing heavily.
I didn't know why the girl was scared.
The garden seemed so peaceful.
And I felt strong.
Stronger than I'd ever felt before.
"There is no need to run," I told her.
My voice sounded deeper, much more confident.
"I
have bested a thousand monsters with my bare hands."
"Not this one," the girl said.
"Ladon is too strong.
You must go around, up the mountain
to my father.
It is the only way.
"
The hurt in her voice surprised me.
She was really concerned, almost like she cared
about me.
"I don't trust your father," I said.
"You should not," the girl agreed.
"You will have to trick him.
But you cannot take the
prize directly.
You will die.'
"

I chuckled.
"Then why don't you help me, pretty one?"
"I… I am afraid.
Ladon will stop me.
My sisters, if they found out… they would disown
me."
"Then there's nothing for it."
I stood up, rubbing my hands together.
"Wait.'"
the girl said.
She seemed to be agonizing over a decision.
Then, her fingers trembling, she reached up
and plucked a long white brooch from her hair.
"If you must fight, take this.
My mother,
Pleione, gave it to me.
She was a daughter of the ocean, and the ocean's power is within it.
My
immortal power.
"
The girl breathed on the pin and it glowed faintly.
It gleamed in the starlight like
polished abalone.
"Take it," she told me.
"And make of it a weapon.
"
I laughed.
"A hairpin?
How will this slay Ladon, pretty one?"
"It may not," she admitted.
"But it is all I can offer, if you insist on being stubborn.
"
The girl's voice softened my heart.
I reached down and took the hairpin, and as I did, it
grew longer and heavier in my hand, until I held a familiar bronze sword.
"Well balanced," I said.
"Though I usually prefer to use my bare hands.
What shall I
name this blade?"
"Anaklusmos," the girl said sadly.
"The current that takes one by surprise.
And before
you know it, you have been swept out to sea."
Before I could thank her, there was a trampling sound in the grass, a hiss like air
escaping a tire, and the girl said, "Too late!
He is here!"

I sat bolt upright in the Lamborghini's drivers seat.
Grover was shaking my arm.
"Percy," he said.
"It's morning.
The train's stopped.
Come on!"
I tried to shake off my drowsiness.
Thalia, Zoe, and Bianca had already rolled up the
metal curtains.
Outside were snowy mountains dotted with pine trees, the sun rising red
between two peaks.
I fished my pen out of my pocket and stared at it.
Anaklusmos, the Ancient Greek name
for Riptide.
A different form, but I was sure it was the same blade I'd seen in my dream.
And I was sure of something else, too.
The girl I had seen was Zoe Nightshade.
TWELVE
I GO SNOWBOARDINC
WITH A PIG

We'd arrived on the outskirts of a little ski town nestled in the mountains.
The sign said
WELCOME TO CLOUDCROFT, NEW MEXICO.
The air was cold and thin.
The roofs of
the cabins were heaped with snow, and dirty mounds of it were piled up on the sides of the
streets.
Tall pine trees loomed over the valley, casting pitch-black shadows, though the
morning was sunny.
Even with my lion-skin coat, I was freezing by the time we got to Main Street, which
was about half a mile from the train tracks.
The General had said Annabeth would only be kept alive until the
winter solstice.
That was Friday, only four days away.
And he'd said something about a
sacrifice.
I didn't like the sound of that at all.
We stopped in the middle of town.
You could pretty much see everything from there: a
school, a bunch of tourist stores and cafes, some ski cabins, and a grocery store.
"Great," Thalia said, looking around.
"No bus station.
No taxis.
No car rental.
They did that
for Annabeth.
"

Bianca nodded.
"I hope we find her.
Annabeth, I mean.
She's lucky to have a friend like
you."
"Lot of good it did her."
"Don't blame yourself Percy.
You risked your life to save my brother and me.
I mean,
that was seriously brave.
If I hadn't met you, I wouldn't have felt okay about leaving Nico at
the camp.
I figured if there were people like you there, Nico would be fine.
You're a good
guy."
The compliment took me by surprise.
"Even though I knocked you down in capture the
flag?"
She laughed.
"Okay.
I remembered the General gloating over Annabeth's fate.
When she smiled at me, just for a moment she looked a little like Annabeth.
Then like
this television actress I used to have a crush on in fifth grade.
Then… well, you get the idea.
"Ah, there you are, Percy," the goddess said.
"I am Aphrodite.
"
I slipped into the seat across from her and said something like, "Um uh gah."
She smiled.
"Aren't you sweet.
Hold this, please.
"
She handed me a polished mirror the size of a dinner plate and had me hold it up for
her.
She leaned forward and dabbed at her lipstick, though I couldn't see anything wrong with
it.
"Do you know why you're here?"
she asked.
I wanted to respond.
Why couldn't I form a complete sentence?
She was only a lady.
A
seriously beautiful lady.
With eyes like pools of spring water… Whoa.
I pinched my own arm, hard.
"I… I don't know," I managed.
"Oh, dear," Aphrodite said.
"Still in denial?"
Outside the car, I could hear Ares chuckling.
I had a feeling he could hear every word
we said.
The idea of him being out there made me angry, and that helped clear my mind.
"I don't know what you're talking about," I said.
"Well then, why are you on this quest?"
"Artemis has been captured!"
Aphrodite rolled her eyes.
"Oh, Artemis.
Please.
Talk about a hopeless case.
I mean, if
they were going to kidnap a goddess, she should be breathtakingly beautiful, don't you think?
I pity the poor dears who have to imprison Artemis.
Bo-ring!"
"But she was chasing a monster," I protested.
"A really, really bad monster.
We have to
find it!"
Aphrodite made me hold the mirror a little higher.
She seemed to have found a
microscopic problem at the corner of her eye and dabbed at her mascara.
"Always some
monster.
But my dear Percy, that is why the others are on this quest.
I'm more interested in
you.
"
My heart pounded.
I didn't want to answer, but her eyes drew an answer right out of my
mouth.
"Annabeth is in trouble.
"
Aphrodite beamed.
"Exactly!"
"I have to help her," I said.
"I've been having these dreams.
"
"Ah, you even dream about her!
That's so cute!"

"No! I mean… that's not what I meant.
"
She made a tsk-tsk sound.
"Percy, I'm on your side.
I'm the reason you're here, after all.
"
I stared at her.
"What?"
"The poisoned T-shirt the Stoll brothers gave Phoebe," she said.
"Did you think that was
an accident?
Sending Blackjack to find you?
Helping you sneak out of the camp?"
"You did that?"
"Of course!
Because really, how boring these Hunters .
are!
A quest for some monster,
blah blah blah.
Saving Artemis.
Let her stay lost, I say.
But a quest for true love—"
"Wait a second, I never said—"
"Oh, my dear.
You don't need to say it.
You do know Annabeth was close to joining the
Hunters, don't you?"
I blushed.
"I wasn't sure—"
"She was about to throw her life away!
And you, my dear, you can save her from that.
It's so romantic!"
"Uh…"
"Oh, put the mirror down," Aphrodite ordered.
"I look fine.
"
I hadn't realized I was still holding it, but as soon as I put it down, I noticed my arms
were sore.
"Now listen, Percy," Aphrodite said.
"The Hunters are your enemies.
Forget them and
Artemis and the monster.
That's not important.
You just concentrate on finding and saving
Annabeth."
"Do you know where she is?"
Aphrodite waved her hand irritably.
"No, no.
I leave the details to you.
But it's been
ages since we've had a good tragic love story.
"
"Whoa, first of all, I never said anything about love.
And second, what's up with
tragic!"
"Love conquers all," Aphrodite promised.
"Look at Helen and Paris.
Did they let
anything come between them?"
"Didn't they start the Trojan War and get thousands of people killed?"
"Pfft.
That's not the point.
Follow your heart.
"

"But… I don't know where it's going.
My heart, I mean.
"
She smiled sympathetically.
She really was beautiful.
And not just because she had a
pretty face or anything.
She believed in love so much, it was impossible not to feel giddy
when she talked about it.
"Not knowing is half the fun," Aphrodite said.
"Exquisitely painful, isn't it?
Not being
sure who you love and who loves you?
Oh, you kids!
It's so cute I'm going to cry.
"
"No, no," I said.
"Don't do that.
"
"And don't worry," she said.
"I'm not going to let this be easy and boring for you.
No, I
have some wonderful surprises in store.
Anguish.
Indecision.
Oh, you just wait."
"That's really okay," I told her.
"Don't go to any trouble.
"
"You're so cute.
I wish all my daughters could break the heart of a boy as nice as you."
Aphrodite's eyes were tearing up.
"Now, you'd better go.
And do be careful in my husband's
territory, Percy.
Don't take anything.
He is awfully fussy about his trinkets and trash."
"What?" I asked.
"You mean Hephaestus?"
But the car door opened and Ares grabbed my shoulder, pulling me out of the car and
back into the desert night.
My audience with the goddess of love was over.
"You're lucky, punk."
Ares pushed me away from the limo.
"Be grateful.
"
"For what?"
"That we're being so nice.
If it was up to me—"
"So why haven't you killed me?"
I shot back.
It was a stupid thing to say to the god of
war, but being around him always made me feel angry and reckless.
Ares nodded, like I'd finally said something intelligent.
"I'd love to kill you, seriously," he said.
"But see, I got a situation.
Word on Olympus is
that you might start the biggest war in history.
I can't risk messing that up.
Besides, Aphrodite
thinks you're some kinda soap-opera star or something.
I kill you, that makes me look bad
with her.
But don't worry.
I haven't forgotten my promise.
Some day soon, kid—real soon—
you're going to raise your sword to fight, and you're going to remember the wrath of Ares."
I balled my fists.
"Why wait?
I beat you once.
How's that ankle healing up?"
He grinned crookedly.
"Not bad, punk.
But you got nothing on the master of taunts.
I'll
start the fight when I'm good and ready.
Until then… Get lost.
"

He snapped his fingers and the world did a three-sixty, spinning in a cloud of red dust.
I
fell to the ground.
When I stood up again, the limousine was gone.
The road, the taco restaurant, the whole
town of Gila Claw was gone.
My friends and I were standing in the middle of the junkyard,
mountains of scrap metal stretched out in every direction.
"What did she want with you?"
Bianca asked, once I'd told them about Aphrodite.
"Oh, uh, not sure," I lied.
"She said to be careful in her husband's junkyard.
She said not
to pick anything up."
Zoe narrowed her eyes.
"The goddess of love would not make a special trip to tell thee
that.
Be careful, Percy.
Aphrodite has led many heroes astray."
"For once I agree with Zoe," Thalia said.
"You can't trust Aphrodite.
"
Grover was looking at me funny.
Being empathic and all, he could usually read my
emotions, and I got the feeling he knew exactly what Aphrodite had talked to me about.
"So," I said, anxious to change the subject, "how do we get out of here?"
"That way," Zoe said.
"That is west."
"How can you tell?"
In the light of the full moon, I was surprised how well I could see her roll her eyes at
me.
"Ursa Major is in the north," she said, "which means that must be west."
She pointed west, then at the northern constellation, which was hard to make out
because there were so many other stars.
"Oh, yeah," I said.
"The bear thing."
Zoe looked offended.
"Show some respect.
It was a fine bear.
A worthy opponent.
"
"You act like it was real."
"Guys," Grover broke in.
"Look!"
We'd reached the crest of a junk mountain.
Piles of metal objects glinted in the
moonlight: broken heads of bronze horses, metal legs from human statues, smashed chariots,
tons of shields and swords and other weapons, along with more modern stuff, like cars that
gleamed gold and silver, refrigerators, washing machines, and computer monitors.
"Whoa," Bianca said.
"That stuff… some of it looks like real gold.
"

"It is," Thalia said grimly.
"Like Percy said, don't touch anything.
This is the junkyard
of the gods."
"Junk?" Grover picked up a beautiful crown made of gold, silver, and jewels.
It was
broken on one side, as if it had been split by an axe.
"You call this junk?"
He bit off a point and began to chew.
"It's delicious!"
Thalia swatted the crown out of his hands.
"I'm serious!"
"Look!"
Bianca said.
She raced down the hill, tripping over bronze coils and golden
plates.
She picked up a bow that glowed silver in moonlight.
"A Hunter's bow!"
She yelped in surprise as the bow began to shrink, and became a hair clip shaped like a
crescent moon.
"It's just like Percys sword!"
Zoe's face was grim.
"Leave it, Bianca."
"But—"
"It is here for a reason.
Anything thrown away in this junkyard must stay in this yard.
It
is defective.
Or cursed.
"
Bianca reluctantly set the hair clip down.
"I don't like this place," Thalia said.
She gripped the shaft of her spear.
"You think we're going to get attacked by killer refrigerators?"
I asked.
She gave me a hard look.
"Zoe is right, Percy.
Things get thrown away here for a
reason.
Now come on, let's get across the yard."
"That's the second time you've agreed with Zoe," I muttered, but Thalia ignored me.
We started picking our way through the hills and valleys of junk.
The stuff seemed to go
on forever, and if it hadn't been for Ursa Major, we would've gotten lost.
All the hills pretty
much looked the same.
I'd like to say we left the stuff alone, but there was too much cool junk not to check out
some of it.
I found an electric guitar shaped like Apollo's lyre that was so sweet I had to pick
it up.
Grover found a broken tree made out of metal.
"It's bad enough
Annabeth is gone, and now Bianca.
Do you think I could stand it if…" He sniffled.
"Do
you think anybody else would be my best friend?"
"Ah, Grover…"
He wiped under his eyes with an oily cloth that left his face grimy, like he had on war
paint.
"I'm… I'm okay.
"
But he wasn't okay.
Ever since the encounter in New Mexico—whatever had happened
when that wild wind blew through—he seemed really fragile, even more emotional than
usual.
I was afraid to talk to him about it, because he might start bawling.
At least there's one good thing about having a friend who gets freaked out more than
you do.
I realized I couldn't stay depressed.
I had to set aside thinking about Bianca and keep
us going forward, the way Thalia was doing.
I wondered what she and Zoe were talking about
in the front of the truck.
The tow truck ran out of gas at the edge of a river canyon.
That was just as well,
because the road dead-ended.
Thalia got out and slammed the door.
Immediately, one of the tires blew.
"Great.
What
now?"
I scanned the horizon.
There wasn't much to see.
Desert in all directions, occasional
clumps of barren mountains plopped here and there.
The canyon was the only thing
interesting.
The river itself wasn't very big, maybe fifty yards across, green water with a few
rapids, but it carved a huge scar out of the desert.
The rock cliffs dropped away below us.
It seemed like
cruel fate that we'd come to Hoover Dam, one of Annabeth's personal favorites, and she
wasn't here to see it.
"We should go up there," I said.
"For her sake.
Just to say we've been."
"You are mad," Zoe decided.
"But that's where the road is."
She pointed to a huge
parking garage next to the top of the dam.
"And so, sightseeing it is.
"

We had to walk for almost an hour before we found a path that led up to the road.
It
came up on the east side of the river.
Then we straggled back toward the dam.
It was cold and
windy on top.
On one side, a big lake spread out, ringed by barren desert mountains.
On the
other side, the dam dropped away like the world's most dangerous skateboard ramp, down to
the river seven hundred feet below, and water that churned from the dam's vents.
Thalia walked in the middle of the road, far away from the edges.
Grover kept sniffing
the wind and looking nervous.
He didn't say anything, but I knew he smelled monsters.
"How close are they?"
I asked him.
He shook his head.
"Maybe not close.
The wind on the dam, the desert all around us…
the scent can probably carry for miles.
But it's coming from several directions.
I don't like
that.
"
I didn't either.
It was already Wednesday, only two days until winter solstice, and we
still had a long way to go.
We didn't need any more monsters,
"There's a snack bar in the visitor center," Thalia said.
"You've been here before?"
I asked.
"Once.
To see the guardians."
She pointed to the far end of the dam.
Carved into the
side of the cliff was a little plaza with two big bronze statues.
They looked kind of like Oscar
statues with wings.
I put in my own prayer to
Annabeth's mom, hoping I was right that it had been her in that elevator—that she was trying
to help us save her daughter.
And nothing happened.
The skeletons closed in.
I raised Riptide to defend myself.
Thalia held up her shield.
Zoe pushed Grover behind her and aimed an arrow at a skeleton's head.
A shadow fell over me.
I thought maybe it was the shadow of death.
Then I realized it
was the shadow of an enormous wing.
The skeletons looked up too late.
A flash of bronze,
and all five of the baton-wielders were swept aside.
The other skeletons opened fire.
I raised my lion coat for protection, but I didn't need it.
The bronze angels stepped in front of us and folded their wings like shields.
Bullets pinged
off of them like rain off a corrugated roof.
Both angels slashed outward, and the skeletons
went flying across the road.
"Man, it feels good to stand up!"
the first angel said.
His voice sounded tinny and rusty,
like he hadn't had a drink since he'd been built.
"Will ya look at my toes?"
the other said.
"Holy Zeus, what were those tourists
thinking?"
As stunned as I was by the angels, I was more concerned with the skeletons.
A few of
them were getting up again, reassembling, bony hands groping for their weapons.
"Trouble!"
I said.
"Get us out of here!"
Thalia yelled.
Both angels looked down at her.
I also needed to know if Annabeth was still alive, and how to rescue
her.
How could I ask that all in one question?
A voice inside me was screaming Ask about Annabeth!
That's what I cared about most.
But then I imagined what Annabeth might say.
She would never forgive me if I saved
her and didn't save Olympus.
Zoe would want me to ask about Artemis, but Chiron had told
us the monster was even more important.
I sighed.
"All right, Nereus.
Tell me where to find this terrible monster that could bring
an end to the gods.
The one Artemis was hunting.
"
The Old Man of the Sea smiled, showing off his mossy green teeth.
"Oh, that's too easy," he said evilly.
"He's right there.
"
Nereus pointed to the water at my feet.
"Where?" I said.
"The deal is complete!"
Nereus gloated.
With a pop, he turned into a goldfish and did a
backflip into the sea.
"You tricked me!"
I yelled.
"Wait."
Thalia's eyes widened.
"What is that?"
"MOOOOOOOO!"
I looked down, and there was my friend the cow serpent, swimming next to the dock.
She nudged my shoe and gave me the sad brown eyes.
"Ah, Bessie," I said.
"Not now."
"Mooo!"
Grover gasped.
"He says his name isn't Bessie.
"
"You can understand her… er, him?"
Grover nodded.
"It's a very old form of animal speech.
But he says his name is the
Ophiotaurus."
"The Ophi-what?"
"It means serpent bull in Greek," Thalia said.
"But what's it doing here?"
"Moooooooo!"
"He says Percy is his protector," Grover announced.
"And he's running from the bad people.
He says they are close.
"
I was wondering how you got all that out of a single moooooo.
"Wait," Zoe said, looking at me.
"You know this cow?"
I was feeling impatient, but I told them the story.
Thalia shook her head in disbelief.
"And you just forgot to mention this before?"
"Well… yeah."
It seemed silly, now that she said it, but things had been happening so
fast.
Bessie, the Ophiotaurus, seemed like a minor detail.
"I am a fool," Zoe said suddenly.
"I know this story!"
"What story?"

"From the War of the Titans," she said.
"My… my father told me this tale, thousands of
years ago.
This is the beast we are looking for.
"
"Bessie?" I looked down at the bull serpent.
"But… he's too cute.
He couldn't destroy
the world.
"
"That is how we were wrong," Zoe said.
"We've been anticipating a huge dangerous
monster, but the Ophiotaurus does not bring down the gods that way.
He must be sacrificed.
"
"MMMM," Bessie lowed.
"
Or Annabeth will be dead, I thought, but I didn't say that.
"We need a car," Thalia said.
"But what about Bessie?"
I asked.
Grover stopped in his tracks.
"I've got an idea!
The Ophiotaurus can appear in different
bodies of water, right?"
"Well, yeah," I said.
"I mean, he was in Long Island Sound.
Then he just popped into
the water at Hoover Dam.
And now he's here.
Annabeth's dad.
"

After hearing Annabeth gripe about her dad for two years, I was expecting him to have
devil horns and fangs.
I was not expecting him to be wearing an old-fashioned aviator's cap
and goggles.
He looked so weird, with his eyes bugging out through the glasses, that we all
took a step back on the front porch.
"Hello," he said in a friendly voice, "Are you delivering my airplanes?"
Thalia, Zoe, and I looked at each other warily.
"Um, no, sir," I said.
"Drat," he said.
"I need three more Sopwith Camels."
"Right," I said, though I had no clue what he was talking about.
"We're friends of
Annabeth."
"Annabeth?"
He straightened as if I'd just given him an electric shock.
"Is she all right?
Has something happened?"
None of us answered, but our faces must've told him that something was very wrong.
He took off his cap and goggles.
He had sandy-colored hair like Annabeth and intense brown
eyes.
He was handsome, I guess, for an older guy, but it looked like he hadn't shaved in a

couple of days, and his shirt was buttoned wrong, so one side of his collar stuck up higher
than the other side.
"You'd better come in," he said.
It didn't look like a house they'd just moved into.
There were LEGO robots on the stairs
and two cats sleeping on the sofa in the living room.
The coffee table was stacked with
magazines, and a little kid's winter coat was spread on the floor.
The whole house smelled like
fresh-baked chocolate-chip cookies.
There was jazz music coming from the kitchen.
It seemed
like a messy, happy kind of home—the kind of place that had been lived in forever.
"Dad!"
a little boy screamed.
"He's taking apart my robots!"
"Bobby," Dr. Chase called absently, "don't take apart your brother's robots.
"
"I'm Bobby," the little boy protested.
"He's Matthew!"
"Matthew," Dr. Chase called, "don't take apart your brother's robots!"
"Okay, Dad!"
Dr. Chase turned to us.
"We'll go upstairs to my study.
This way."
"Honey?"
a woman called.
Annabeth's stepmom appeared in the living room, wiping her
hands on a dish towel.
She was a pretty Asian woman with red highlighted hair tied in a bun.
"Who are our guests?"
she asked.
"Oh," Dr. Chase said.
"This is…"
He stared at us blankly.
"Frederick," she chided.
"You forgot to ask them their names?"
We introduced ourselves a little uneasily, but Mrs. Chase seemed really nice.
She asked
if we were hungry.
We admitted we were, and she told us she'd bring us some cookies and
sandwiches and sodas.
"Dear," Dr. Chase said.
"They came about Annabeth.
"
I half expected Mrs. Chase to turn into a raving lunatic at the mention of her
stepdaughter, but she just pursed her lips and looked concerned.
"All right.
Go on up to the
study and I'll bring you some food."
She smiled at me.
"Nice meeting you, Percy.
I've heard a
lot about you.
"

Upstairs, we walked into Dr. Chase's study and I said, "Whoa!"
The room was wall-to-wall books, but what really caught my attention were the war
toys.
There was a huge table with miniature tanks and soldiers fighting along a blue painted
river, with hills and fake trees and stuff.
Old-fashioned biplanes hung on strings from the
ceiling, tilted at crazy angles like they were in the middle of a dogfight.
Dr. Chase smiled.
"Yes.
The Third Battle of Ypres.
I'm writing a paper, you see, on the
use of Sopwith Camels to strafe enemy lines.
I believe they played a much greater role than
they've been given credit for.
"
He plucked a biplane from its string and swept it across the battlefield, making airplane
engine noises as he knocked down little German soldiers.
"Oh, right," I said.
I knew Annabeth's dad was a professor of military history.
She'd
never mentioned he played with toy soldiers.
Zoe came over and studied the battlefield.
"The German lines were farther from the
river.
"
Dr. Chase stared at her.
"How do you know that?"
"I was there," she said matter-of-factly.
"Artemis wanted to show us how horrible war
was, the way mortal men fight each other.
And how foolish, too.
The battle was a complete
waste.
"
Dr. Chase opened his mouth in shock.
"You—"
"She's a Hunter, sir," Thalia said.
"But that's not why we're here.
We need—"
"You saw the Sopwith Camels?"
Dr. Chase said.
"How many were there?
What
formations did they fly?"
"Sir," Thalia broke in again.
"Annabeth is in danger.
"
That got his attention.
He set the biplane down.
"Of course," he said.
"Tell me everything."
It wasn't easy, but we tried.
Meanwhile, the afternoon light was fading outside.
We were
running out of time.
When we'd finished, Dr. Chase collapsed in his leather recliner.
He laced his hands.
"My poor brave Annabeth.
We must hurry.
"
"Sir, we need transportation to Mount Tamalpais," Zoe said.
"And we need it
immediately."
"I'll drive you.
Hmm.
it would be faster to fly in my Camel, but it only seats two."
"Whoa, you have an actual biplane?" I said.
"Down at Crissy Field," Dr. Chase said proudly.
"That's the reason I had to move here.
My sponsor is a private collector with some of the finest World War I relics in the world.
He
let me restore the Sopwith Camel—"
"Sir," Thalia said.
"Just a car would be great.
And it might be better if we went without
you.
It's too dangerous." .
Dr. Chase frowned uncomfortably.
"Now wait a minute, young lady.
Annabeth is my
daughter.
Dangerous or not, I… I can't just—"
"Snacks," Mrs. Chase announced.
She pushed through the door with a tray full of
peanut-butter-and-jelly sandwiches and Cokes and cookies fresh out of the oven, the
chocolate chips still gooey.
Thalia and I inhaled a few cookies while Zoe said, "I can drive,
sir.
I'm not as young as I look.
I promise not to destroy your car.
"
Mrs. Chase knit her eyebrows.
"What's this about?"
"Annabeth is in danger," Dr. Chase said.
"On Mount Tam.
I would drive them, but…
apparently it's no place for mortals."
It sounded like it was really hard for him to get that last part out.
I waited for Mrs. Chase to say no.
I mean, what mortal parent would allow three
underage teenagers to borrow their car?
To my surprise, Mrs. Chase nodded.
"Then they'd
better get going.
"
"Right!"
Dr. Chase jumped up and started patting his pockets.
"My keys…"
His wife sighed.
"Frederick, honestly.
You'd lose your head if it weren't wrapped inside
your aviator hat.
The keys are hanging on the peg by the front door."
"Right!"
Dr. Chase said.
Zoe grabbed a sandwich.
"Thank you both.
We should go.
Now"
We hustled out the door and down the stairs, the Chases right behind us.
"Percy," Mrs. Chase called as I was leaving, "tell Annabeth… Tell her she still has a
home here, will you?
Remind her of that.
"
I took one last look at the messy living room, Annabeth's half brothers spilling LEGOs
and arguing, the smell of cookies filling the air.
Not a bad place, I thought.
"I'll tell her," I promised.
We ran out to the yellow VW convertible parked in the driveway.
The sun was going
down.
I figured we had less than an hour to save Annabeth.
"Can't this thing go any faster?"
Thalia demanded.
Zoe glared at her.
"I cannot control
traffic.
"
"You both sound like my mother," I said.
"Shut up!"
they said in unison.
Zoe weaved in and out of traffic on the Golden Gate Bridge.
The sun was sinking on the
horizon when we finally got into Marin County and exited the highway.
The roads were insanely narrow, winding through forests and up the sides of hills and
around the edges of steep ravines.
Zoe didn't slow down at all.
"Why does everything smell like cough drops?"
I asked.
"Eucalyptus."
Zoe pointed to the huge trees all around us.
"The stuff koala bears eat?"
"And monsters," she said.
"They love chewing the leaves.
Especially dragons.
"
"Dragons chew eucalyptus leaves?"
"Believe me," Zoe said, "if you had dragon breath, you would chew eucalyptus too.
"
I didn't question her, but I did keep my eyes peeled more closely as we drove.
Ahead of
us loomed Mount Tamalpais.
I guess, in terms of mountains, it was a small one, but it looked
plenty huge as we were driving toward it.
"So that's the Mountain of Despair?"
I asked.
"Yes," Zoe said tightly.
"Why do they call it that?
"
She was silent for almost a mile before answering.
"After the war between the Titans
and the gods, many of the Titans were punished and imprisoned.
Kronos was sliced to pieces
and thrown into Tartarus.
Kronos's right-hand man, the general of his forces, was imprisoned
up there, on the summit, just beyond the Garden of the Hesperides."
"The General," I said.
Clouds seemed to be swirling around its peak, as though the
mountain was drawing them in, spinning them like a top.
"What's going on up there?
A
storm?"
Zoe didn't answer.
I got the feeing she knew exactly what the clouds meant, and she
didn't like it.
"We have to concentrate," Thalia said.
"The Mist is really strong here."
"The magical kind or the natural kind?"
I asked.
"Both."

The gray clouds swirled even thicker over the mountain, and we kept driving straight
toward them.
We were out of the forest now, into wide open spaces of cliffs and grass and
rocks and fog.
I happened to glance down at the ocean as we passed a scenic curve, and I saw
something that made me jump out of my seat.
"Look!"
But we turned a corner and the ocean disappeared behind the hills.
"What?"
Thalia asked.
"A big white ship," I said.
"Docked near the beach.
It looked like a cruise ship.
"
Her eyes widened.
"
"Not without Annabeth," Thalia said.
"And Artemis," Zoe said.
"We must approach the mountain.
"
"You know he will kill thee," the girl said.
"You are no match for him.
"
"Artemis must be freed," Zoe insisted.
"Let us pass.
"
The girl shook her head.
"You have no rights here anymore.
We have only to raise our
voices and Ladon will wake.
"
"He will not hurt me," Zoe said.
"No?
And what about thy so-called friends?"
Then Zoe did the last thing I expected.
She shouted, "Ladon!
Wake!"
The dragon stirred, glittering like a mountain of pennies.
The Hesperides yelped and
scattered.
The lead girl said to Zoe, "Are you mad?"
"You never had any courage, sister," Zoe said.
"That is thy problem.
"
The dragon Ladon was writhing now, a hundred heads whipping around, tongues
flickering and tasting the air.
Zoe took a step forward, her arms raised.
"Zoe, don't," Thalia said.
"You're not a Hesperid anymore.
He'll kill you.
"
"Ladon is trained to protect the tree," Zoe said.
"Skirt around the edges of the garden.
Go up the mountain.
As long as I am a bigger threat, he should ignore thee."
"Should," I said.
"Not exactly reassuring.
"
"It is the only way," she said.
"Even the three of us together cannot fight him.
"
Ladon opened his mouths.
The sound of a hundred heads hissing at once sent a shiver
down my back, and that was before his breath hit me.
The smell was like acid.
It made my
eyes burn, my skin crawl, and my hair stand on end.
I remembered the time a rat had died
inside our apartment wall in New York in the middle of the summer.
This stench was like
that, except a hundred times stronger, and mixed with the smell of chewed eucalyptus.
I
promised myself right then that I would never ask a school nurse for another cough drop.
I wanted to draw my sword.
But then I remembered my dream of Zoe and Hercules, and
how Hercules had failed in a head-on assault.
I decided to trust Zoe's judgment.
Thalia went left.
I went right.
Zoe walked straight toward the monster.
"It's me, my little dragon," Zoe said.
"Zoe has come back.
"
Ladon shifted forward, then back.
Some of the mouths closed.
Some kept hissing.
Dragon confusion.
Meanwhile, the Hesperides shimmered and turned into shadows.
The voice
of the eldest whispered, "Fool."

"I used to feed thee by hand," Zoe continued, speaking in a soothing voice as she
stepped toward the golden tree.
"Do you still like lamb's meat?"
The dragon's eyes glinted.
Thalia and I were about halfway around the garden.
Ahead, I could see a single rocky
trail leading up to the black peak of the mountain.
The storm swirled above it, spinning on the
summit like it was the axis for the whole world.
We'd almost made it out of the meadow when something went wrong.
I felt the dragon's
mood shift.
Maybe
Zoe got too close.
Maybe the dragon realized he was hungry.
Whatever the reason, he
lunged at Zoe.
Two thousand years of training kept her alive.
She dodged one set of slashing fangs and
tumbled under another, weaving through the dragon's heads as she ran in our direction,
gagging from the monster's horrible breath.
I drew Riptide to help.
"No!"
Zoe panted.
"Run!"
The dragon snapped at her side, and Zoe cried out.
Thalia uncovered Aegis, and the
dragon hissed.
In his moment of indecision, Zoe sprinted past us up the mountain, and we
followed.
The dragon didn't try to pursue.
He hissed and stomped the ground, but I guess he was
well trained to guard that tree.
He wasn't going to be lured off even by the tasty prospect of
eating some heroes.
We ran up the mountain as the Hesperides resumed their song in the shadows behind us.
The music didn't sound so beautiful to me now—more like the sound track for a funeral.
At the top of mountain were ruins, blocks of black granite and marble as big as houses.
Broken columns.
Statues of bronze that looked as though they'd been half melted.
"The ruins of Mount Othrys," Thalia whispered in awe.
"Yes," Zoe said.
"It was not here before.
This is bad.
"
"What's Mount Othrys?"
I asked, feeling like a fool as usual.
"The mountain fortress of the Titans," Zoe said.
"In the first war, Olympus and Othrys
were the two rival capitals of the world.
Othrys was—" She winced and held her side.
"You're hurt," I said.
"Let me see.
"
"No! It is nothing.
I was saying… in the first war, Othrys was blasted to pieces."
"But… how is it here?"
Thalia looked around cautiously as we picked our way through the rubble, past blocks
of marble and broken archways.
"It moves in the same way that Olympus moves.
It always
exists on the edges of civilization.
But the fact that it is here, on this mountain, is not good.
"
"Why?"
"This is Atlas's mountain," Zoe said.
"Where he holds—" She froze.
Her voice was
ragged with despair.
"Where he used to hold up the sky.
"
We had reached the summit.
A few yards ahead of us, gray clouds swirled in a heavy
vortex, making a funnel cloud that almost touched the mountaintop, but instead rested on the
shoulders of a twelve-year-old girl with auburn hair and a tattered silvery dress: Artemis, her
legs bound to the rock with celestial bronze chains.
This is what I had seen in my dream.
It
hadn't been a cavern roof that Artemis was forced to hold.
It was the roof of the world.
"My lady!"
Zoe rushed forward, but Artemis said, "Stop!
It is a trap.
You must leave
now.
"
Her voice was strained.
She was drenched in sweat.
I had never seen a goddess in pain
before, but the weight of the sky was clearly too much for Artemis.
Zoe was crying.
She ran forward despite Artemis's protests, and tugged at the chains.
A booming voice spoke behind us: "Ah, how touching.
"
We turned.
The General was standing there in his brown silk suit.
I
met Annabeth's eyes again.
She nodded.
I looked at Thalia and Zoe, and I decided it wouldn't be the worst thing in the world to
die fighting with friends like this.
"Now," I said.
Together, we charged.
Behind her, Annabeth came scrambling, finally free from her bonds.
Her face was
bruised and streaked with dirt.
"Don't kill him!"
"He's a traitor," Thalia said.
"A traitor!"
In my daze, I realized that Artemis was no longer with me.
She had run off toward the
black rocks where Zoe had fallen.
Annabeth said in amazement.
We didn't have time to admire his flying.
The giants and snake women were already
recovering from their surprise.
Dr. Chase would be in trouble soon.
Just then, the moonlight brightened, and a silver chariot appeared from the sky, drawn
by the most beautiful deer I had ever seen.
It landed right next to us.
"Get in," Artemis said.
Annabeth helped me get Thalia on board.
Then I helped Artemis with Zoe.
We wrapped
Zoe in a blanket as Artemis pulled the reins and the chariot sped away from the mountain,
straight into the air.
"Like Santa Claus's sleigh," I murmured, still dazed with pain.
Artemis took time to look back at me.
"Indeed, young half-blood.
And where do you
think that legend came from?"
Seeing us safely away, Dr. Chase turned his biplane and followed us like an honor
guard.
It must have been one of the strangest sights ever, even for the Bay Area: a silver
flying chariot pulled by deer, escorted by a Sopwith Camel.
Behind us, the army of Kronos roared in anger as they gathered on the summit of Mount
Tamalpais, but the loudest sound was the voice of Atlas, bellowing curses against the gods as
he struggled under the weight of the sky.
EIGHTEEN
A FRIEND SAYS GOOD-BYE

We landed at Crissy Field after nightfall.
As soon as Dr. Chase stepped out of his Sopwith Camel, Annabeth ran to him and gave
him a huge hug.
"Dad!
You flew… you shot… oh my gods!
That was the most amazing thing
I've ever seen!"
Her father blushed.
"Well, not bad for a middle-aged mortal, I suppose."
"But the celestial bronze bullets!
How did you get those?"
"Ah, well.
You did leave quite a few half-blood weapons in your room in Virginia, the
last time you… left.
"
Annabeth looked down, embarrassed.
I noticed Dr. Chase was very careful not to say
ran away.
"I decided to try melting some down to make bullet casings," he continued.
"Just a little
experiment.
"
He said it like it was no big deal, but he had a gleam in his eye.
I could understand all of
a sudden why Athena, Goddess of Crafts and Wisdom, had taken a liking to him.
He was an
excellent mad scientist at heart.
"Dad…" Annabeth faltered.
"Annabeth, Percy," Thalia interrupted.
Her voice was urgent.
She and Artemis were
kneeling at Zoe's side, binding the huntress's wounds.
Annabeth and I ran over to help, but there wasn't much we could do.
We had no
ambrosia or nectar.
No regular medicine would help.
It was dark, but I could see that Zoe
didn't look good.
She was shivering, and the faint glow that usually hung around her was
fading.
"Can't you heal her with magic?"
I asked Artemis.
"I mean… you're a goddess.
"
Artemis looked troubled.
"Life is a fragile thing, Percy.
If the Fates will the string to be
cut, there is little I can do.
But I can try.
"
She tried to set her hand on Zoe's side, but Zoe gripped her wrist.
She looked into the
goddess's eyes, and some kind of understanding passed between them.
"Have I… served thee well?"
Zoe whispered.
"With great honor," Artemis said softly.
"The finest of my attendants.
"
Zoe's face relaxed.
"Rest.
At last."
"I can try to heal the poison, my brave one.
"
But in that moment, I knew it wasn't just the poison that was killing her.
It was her
father's final blow.
Zoe had known all along that the Oracle's prophecy was about her: she
would die by a parent's hand.
And yet she'd taken the quest anyway.
She had chosen to save
me, and Atlas's fury had broken her inside.
She saw Thalia, and took her hand.
"I am sorry we argued," Zoe said.
"We could have been sisters."
"It's my fault," Thalia said, blinking hard.
"
The goddess set her hand on Annabeth's shoulder.
"You are brave beyond measure, my
girl.
You will do what is right.
Annabeth turned toward him.
"Dad, I… I'm sorry that—"
"Shh."
He hugged her.
"Do what you must, my dear.
I know this isn't easy for you.
"
His voice was a little shaky, but he gave Annabeth a brave smile.
Then I heard the whoosh of large wings.
Three pegasi descended through the fog: two
white winged horses and one pure black one.
"Blackjack!"
I called.
Yo,boss!
he called.
You manage to stay alive okay without me?
"It was rough," I admitted.
I brought Guido and Porkpie with me.
How ya doin?
The other two pegasi spoke in my mind.
Blackjack looked me over with concern, then checked out Dr. Chase, Thalia, and
Annabeth.
Any of these goons you want us to stampede?
"Nah," I said aloud.
"These are my friends.
We need to get to Olympus pretty fast.
"
No problem, Blackjack said.
Except for the mortal over there.
Hope he's not going.
I assured him Dr. Chase was not.
The professor was staring openmouthed at the pegasi.
"Fascinating," he said.
"Such maneuverability!
How does the wingspan compensate for
the weight of the horse's body, I wonder?"
Blackjack cocked his head.
Whaaaat?
"Why, if the British had had these pegasi in the cavalry charges on the Crimea," Dr.
Chase said, "the charge of the light brigade—"
"Dad!"
Annabeth interrupted.
Dr. Chase blinked.
He looked at his daughter and managed a smile.
"I'm sorry, my dear,
I know you must go.
"
He gave her one last awkward, well-meaning hug.
As she turned to climb aboard the
pegasus Guido, Dr. Chase called, "Annabeth.
I know… I know San Francisco is a dangerous
place for you.
But please remember, you always have a home with us.
We will keep you
safe.
"
Annabeth didn't answer, but her eyes were red as she turned away.
Dr. Chase started to
say more, then apparently thought better of it.
He raised his hand in a sad farewell and trudged
away across the dark field.
Thalia and Annabeth and I mounted our pegasi.
Together we soared over the bay and
flew toward the eastern hills.
Soon San Francisco was only a glittering crescent behind us,
with an occasional flicker of lightning in the north.
Thalia was so exhausted she fell asleep on Porkpie's back.
I knew she had to be really
tired to sleep in the air, despite her fear of heights, but she didn't have much to worry about.
Her pegasus flew with ease, adjusting himself every once in a while so Thalia stayed safely on
his back.
Annabeth and I flew along side by side.
"Your dad seems cool," I told her.
It was too dark to see her expression.
She looked back, even though California was far
behind us now.
"I guess so," she said.
"We've been arguing for so many years."
"Yeah, you said.
"
"You think I was lying about that?"
It sounded like a challenge, but a pretty halfhearted
one, like she was asking it of herself.
"I didn't say you were lying.
It's just… he seems okay.
Your stepmom, too.
Maybe
they've, uh, gotten cooler since you saw them last.
"
She hesitated.
"They're still in San Francisco, Percy.
I can't live so far from camp.
"
I didn't want to ask my next question.
I was scared to know the answer.
But I asked it
anyway.
"So what are you going to do now?"
We flew over a town, an island of lights in the middle of the dark.
It whisked by so fast
we might've been in an airplane.
"I don't know," she admitted.
"But thank you for rescuing me."
"Hey, no big deal.
We're friends.
"
"You didn't believe I was dead?"
"Never."
She hesitated.
"Er, the horse, I mean."
"You don't believe me about Luke," Annabeth said, "but we'll see him again.
He's in
trouble, Percy.
He's under Kronos's spell.
"
I didn't feel like arguing, though it made me mad.
How could she still have any feelings
for that creep?
How could she possibly make excuses for him?
He deserved that fall.
He
deserved…
okay, I'll say it.
He deserved to die.
Unlike Bianca.
Unlike Zoe.
Blackjack and his friends flew off, leaving Thalia, Annabeth, and me alone.
For a
minute we stood there regarding the palace, the way we'd stood together in front of Westover
Hall, what seemed like a million years ago.
And then, side by side, we walked into the throne room.
Twelve enormous thrones made a U around a central hearth, just like the placement of
the cabins at camp.
The ceiling above glittered with constellations—even the newest one, Zoe
the Huntress, making her way across the heavens with her bow drawn.

All of the seats were occupied.
Each god and goddess was about fifteen feet tall, and I'm
telling you, if you've ever had a dozen all-powerful super-huge beings turn their eyes on you
at once…
Well, suddenly, facing monsters seemed like a picnic.
"Welcome, heroes," Artemis said.
"Mooo!"
That's when I noticed Bessie and Grover.
A sphere of water was hovering in the center of the room, next to the hearth fire.
Bessie
was swimming happily around, swishing his serpent tail and poking his head out the sides and
bottom of the sphere.
He seemed to be enjoying the novelty of swimming in a magic bubble.
She could only be Annabeth's
mother, Athena.
Then there was Aphrodite, who smiled at me knowingly and made me blush
in spite of myself.
All the Olympians in one place.
So much power in this room it was a miracle the whole
palace didn't blow apart.
"I gotta say"—Apollo broke the silence—"these kids did okay."
He cleared his throat
and began to recite: "Heroes win laurels—"
"Um, yes, first class," Hermes interrupted, like he was anxious to avoid Apollo's poetry.
"All in favor of not disintegrating them?"
A few tentative hands went up—Demeter, Aphrodite.
"Wait just a minute," Ares growled.
He pointed at Thalia and me.
"These two are
dangerous.
Annabeth said.
"How can you—"
Athena cut her off with a calm but firm look.
Annabeth smiled.
She squeezed Thalia's hand and let it go, as if she'd been expecting this all
along.
"I will," Thalia said firmly.
"
She hugged Annabeth, who was trying hard not to cry.
Annabeth said, exasperated.
"It is only the truth, child.
It is bad strategy to keep the animal alive.
Or the boy."
My father stood.
"I will not have a sea creature destroyed, if I can help it.
And I can
help it.
"
He held out his hand, and a trident appeared in it: a twenty foot long bronze shaft with
three spear tips that shimmered with blue, watery light.
"I will vouch for the boy and the
safety of the Ophiotaurus."
"You won't take it under the sea!"
I was looking for Annabeth.
Last I saw her, she'd been dancing with some minor
godling.
Then a man's voice behind me said, "You won't let me down, I hope.
"What?"
"I believe Annabeth told you this.
A year ago, Annabeth and I had had a talk about fatal
flaws.
Every hero had one.
Hers, she said, was pride.
She believed she could do anything…
like holding up the world, for instance.
Now my daughter, Annabeth.
"
She paused, disapproving.
"In each case, your loved ones have been used to lure you into
Kronos's traps.
Your fatal flaw is personal loyalty, Percy.
You do not know when it is time to
cut your losses.
To save a friend, you would sacrifice the world.
In a hero of the prophecy,
that is very, very dangerous.
"
I balled my fists.
"That's not a flaw.
Just because I want to help my friends—"
"The most dangerous flaws are those which are good in moderation," she said.
"Evil is
easy to fight.
Lack of wisdom… that is very hard indeed.
"
I wanted to argue, but I found I couldn't.
Athena was pretty darn smart.
"I hope the Council's decisions prove wise," Athena said.
"But I will be watching, Percy
Jackson.
I do not approve of your friendship with my daughter.
I do not think it wise for either
of you.
And should you begin to waver in your loyalties…"
She fixed me with her cold gray stare, and I realized what a terrible enemy Athena
would make, ten times worse than Ares or Dionysus or maybe even my father.
Athena would
never give up.
She would never do something rash or stupid just because she hated you, and if
she made a plan to destroy you, it would not fail.
"Percy!"
Annabeth said, running through the crowd.
She stopped short when she saw
who I was talking to.
"Oh… Mom."
"I will leave you," Athena said.
"For now.
"
She turned and strode through the crowds, which parted before her as if she were
carrying Aegis.
"Was she giving you a hard time?"
Annabeth asked.
"No," I said.
"It's… fine.
"
She studied me with concern.
She touched the new streak of gray in my hair that
matched hers exactly—our painful souvenir from holding Atlas's burden.
There was a lot I'd
wanted to say to Annabeth, but Athena had taken the confidence out of me.
I felt like I'd been
punched in the gut.
I do not approve of your friendship with my daughter.
"So," Annabeth said.
"What did you want to tell me earlier?"
The music was playing.
People were dancing in the streets.
I said, "I, uh, was thinking
we got interrupted at Westover Hall.
And… I think I owe you a dance."
She smiled slowly.
"All right, Seaweed Brain.
"
So I took her hand, and I don't know what everybody else heard, but to me it sounded
like a slow dance: a little sad, but maybe a little hopeful, too.
TWENTY
I GET A NEW ENEMY FOR CHRISTMAS

Before I left Olympus, I decided to make a few calls.
It wasn't easy, but I finally found a
quiet fountain in a corner garden and sent an Iris-message to my brother, Tyson, under the
sea.
I told him about our adventures, and Bessie—he wanted to hear every detail about the
cute baby cow serpent—and I assured him that Annabeth was safe.
Finally I got around to
explaining how the shield he'd made me last summer had been damaged in the manticore
attack.
"Yay!"
Tyson said.
"That means it was good!
It saved your life!"
"It sure did, big guy," I said.
"But now it's ruined."
"Not ruined!"
Tyson promised.
"I will visit and fix it next summer.
"
The idea picked me up instantly.
I guess I hadn't realized how much I missed having
Tyson around.
"Seriously?"
I asked.
"They'll let you take time off?"
"Yes!
I have made two thousand seven hundred and forty-one magic swords," Tyson
said proudly, showing me the newest blade.
"The boss says 'good work'!
He will let me take
the whole summer off.
I will visit camp!"
We talked for a while about war preparations and our dad's fight with the old sea gods,
and all the cool things we could do together next summer, but then Tyson's boss started
yelling at him and he had to get back to work.
I dug out my last golden drachma and made one more Iris-message.
"Sally Jackson," I said.
"Upper East Side, Manhattan."
The mist shimmered, and there was my mom at our kitchen table, laughing and holding
hands with her friend Mr. Blowfish.
I felt so embarrassed, I was about to wave my hand through the mist and cut the
connection, but before I could, my mom saw me.
Her eyes got wide.
She let go of Mr. Blowfish's hand real quick.
"Oh, Paul!
You know
what?
I left my writing journal in the living room.
She sighed with relief when she heard that Annabeth
was safe.
"I knew you could do it!"
she said.
"I'm so proud.
"
"Yeah, well, I'd better let you get back to your homework.
"
"Percy, I… Paul and I—"
"Mom, are you happy?"
The question seemed to take her by surprise.
She thought for a moment.
"Yes.
I really
am, Percy.
Being around him makes me happy.
"
"Then it's cool.
Seriously.
Don't worry about me."
The funny thing was, I meant it.
Considering the quest I'd just had, maybe I should have been worried for my mom.
Annabeth and I sat with Chiron and some of the other senior campers—Beckendorf,
Silena Beauregard, and the Stoll brothers.
Annabeth smiled at me gratefully, which made me look away.
For some strange reason, I found myself thinking about Hoover Dam, and the odd
mortal girl I'd run into there, Rachel Elizabeth Dare.
I didn't know why, but her annoying
comments kept coming back to me.
Do you always kill people when they blow their nose?
I
was only alive because so many people had helped me, even a random mortal girl like that.
I'd
never even explained to her who I was.
"We have to tell Chiron," Annabeth said, out of breath.
"No," I said.
I don't think anyone realizes that Nico is a—"
"A son of Hades," Annabeth said.
"Percy, do you have any idea how serious this is?
Even Hades broke the oath!
This is horrible!"
"I don't think so," I said.
"I don't think Hades broke the oath."
"What?"
"He's their dad," I said, "but Bianca and Nico have been out of commission for a long
time, since even before World War II."
"The Lotus Casino!"
Grover said, and he told Annabeth about the conversations we'd
had with Bianca on the quest.
"She and Nico were stuck there for decades.
They were born
before the oath was made.
"
I nodded.
"But how did they get out?"
Annabeth protested.
"I don't know," I admitted.
"Bianca said a lawyer came and got them and drove them to
Westover Hall.
I don't know who that could've been, or why.
Maybe it's part of this Great
Stirring thing.
I don't think Nico understands who he is.
But we can't go telling anyone.
Not
even Chiron.
If the Olympians find out—"
"It might start them fighting among each other again," Annabeth said.
"That's the last
thing we need.
"
Grover looked worried.
"But you can't hide things from the gods.
Not forever.
"
"I don't need forever," I said.
"Just two years.
Until I'm sixteen."
Annabeth paled.
"But, Percy, this means the prophecy might not be about you.
It might
be about Nico.
We have to—"
"No," I said.
"I choose the prophecy.
It will be about me."
"Why are you saying that?" she cried.
"You want to be responsible for the whole
world?
"
It was the last thing I wanted, but I didn't say that.
I knew I had to step up and claim it.
"I can't let Nico be in any more danger," I said.
"I owe that much to his sister.
I… let
them both down.
I'm not going to let that poor kid suffer any more.
"
"The poor kid who hates you and wants to see you dead," Grover reminded me.
"Maybe we can find him," I said.
"We can convince him it's okay, hide him someplace
safe."
Annabeth shivered.
"

I wasn't sure Chiron believed the story Annabeth and I told him.
I think he could tell I
was holding something back about Nico's disappearance, but in the end, he accepted it.
Unfortunately, Nico wasn't the first half-blood to disappear.
"So young," Chiron sighed, his hands on the rail of the front porch.
"Alas, I hope he was
eaten by monsters.
Much better than being recruited into the Titans' army.
"
That idea made me really uneasy.
I almost changed my mind about telling Chiron, but I
didn't.
"You really think the first attack will be here?"
I asked.
Chiron stared at the snow falling on the hills.
I could see smoke from the dragon
guardian at the pine tree, the glitter of the distant Fleece.
"It will not be until summer, at least," Chiron said.
This winter will be hard… the
hardest for many centuries.
It's best that you go home to the city, Percy; try to keep your mind
on school.
And rest.
You will need rest.
"
I looked at Annabeth.
"What about you?"
Her cheeks flushed.
"I'm going to try San Francisco after all.
Maybe I can keep an eye
on Mount Tam, make sure the Titans don't try anything else."
"You'll send an Iris-message if anything goes wrong?
"
She nodded.
"But I think Chiron's right.
It won't be until the summer.
“It’s just Annabeth, Mom.
Jeez!”
“She’s coming all the way from camp to meet you.”
“Well, yeah.”
“You’re going to the movies.”
“Yeah.”
“Just the two of you.”
“Mom!”
She held up her hands in surrender, but I could tell she was trying hard not
to smile.
“You’d better get inside, dear.
I’ll see you tonight.”
I was about to get out of the car when I looked over the steps of the school.
Paul Blofis was greeting a girl with frizzy red hair.
She wore a maroon Tshirt and ratty jeans decorated with marker drawings.
When she turned, I
caught a glimpse of her face, and the hairs on my arms stood straight up.
“Percy?”
my mom asked.
“What’s wrong?”
“N-nothing,” I stammered.
“Does the school have a side entrance?”
“Down the block on the right.
Why?”
“I’ll see you later.”
My mom started to say something, but I got out of the car and ran, hoping
the redheaded girl wouldn’t see me.
What was she doing here?
Not even my luck could be this bad.
Yeah, right.
I was about to find out my luck could get a lot worse.
***
Sneaking into orientation didn’t work out too well.
Two cheerleaders in
purple-and-white uniforms were standing at the side entrance, waiting to
ambush freshmen.
“Hi!”
They smiled, which I figured was the first and last time any
cheerleaders would be that friendly to me.
One was blond with icy blue eyes.
The other was African American with dark curly hair like Medusa’s (and
believe me, I know what I’m talking about).
Both girls had their names
stitched in cursive on their uniforms, but with my dyslexia, the words looked
like meaningless spaghetti.
“Welcome to Goode,” the blond girl said.
“You are so going to love it.”
But as she looked me up and down, her expression said something more
like, Eww, who is this loser?
The other girl stepped uncomfortably close to me.
I studied the stitching
on her uniform and made out Kelli.
She smelled like roses and something
else I recognized from riding lessons at camp—the scent of freshly washed
horses.
It was a weird smell for a cheerleader.
Maybe she owned a horse or
something.
Anyway, she stood so close I got the feeling she was going to try
to push me down the steps.
“What’s your name, fish?”

“Fish?”
“Freshman.”
“Uh, Percy.”
The girls exchanged looks.
“Oh, Percy Jackson,” the blond one said.
“We’ve been waiting for you.”
That sent a major Uh-oh chill down my back.
They were blocking the
entrance, smiling in a not-very-friendly way.
My hand crept instinctively
toward my pocket, where I kept my lethal ballpoint pen, Riptide.
Then another voice came from inside the building.
“Percy?”
It was Paul
Blofis, somewhere down the hallway.
I’d never been so glad to hear his
voice.
The cheerleaders backed off.
I was so anxious to get past them I
accidentally kneed Kelli in the thigh.
Clang.
Her leg made a hollow, metallic sound, like I’d just hit a flagpole.
“Ow,” she muttered.
“Watch it, fish.”
I glanced down, but her leg looked like a regular old leg.
I was too
freaked out to ask questions.
I dashed into the hall, the cheerleaders laughing
behind me.
“There you are!”
Paul told me.
“Welcome to Goode!”
“Hey, Paul—uh, Mr. Blofis.”
I glanced back, but the weird cheerleaders
had disappeared.
“Percy, you look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
“Yeah, uh—”
Paul clapped me on the back.
“Listen, I know you’re nervous, but don’t
worry.
We get a lot of kids here with ADHD and dyslexia.
The teachers
know how to help.”
I almost wanted to laugh.
If only ADHD and dyslexia were my biggest
worries.
I mean, I knew Paul was trying to help, but if I told him the truth
about me, he’d either think I was crazy or he’d run away screaming.
Those
cheerleaders, for instance.
I had a bad feeling about them….
Then I looked down the hall, and I remembered I had another problem.
The redheaded girl I’d seen on the front steps was just coming in the main
entrance.
Don’t notice me, I prayed.
She noticed me.
Her eyes widened.
“Where’s the orientation?”
I asked Paul.
“The gym.
That way.
But—”

“Bye.”
“Percy?” he called, but I was already running.
***
I thought I’d lost her.
A bunch of kids were heading for the gym, and soon I was just one of
three hundred fourteen-year-olds all crammed into the bleachers.
A
marching band played an out-of-tune fight song that sounded like somebody
hitting a bag of cats with a metal baseball bat.
Older kids, probably student
council members, stood up front modeling the Goode school uniform and
looking all, Hey, we’re cool.
Teachers milled around, smiling and shaking
hands with students.
The walls of the gym were plastered with big purpleand-white banners that said WELCOME FUTURE FRESHMEN, GOODE
IS GOOD, WE’RE ALL FAMILY, and a bunch of other happy slogans that
pretty much made me want to throw up.
None of the other freshmen looked thrilled to be here, either.
I mean,
coming to orientation in June, when school doesn’t even start until
September, is not cool.
But at Goode, “We prepare to excel early!”
At least
that’s what the brochure said.
The marching band stopped playing.
A guy in a pinstripe suit came to the
microphone and started talking, but the sound echoed around the gym
so I
had no idea what he was saying.
He might’ve been gargling.
Someone grabbed my shoulder,” What are you doing here?”
It was her: my redheaded nightmare.
“Rachel Elizabeth Dare,” I said.
Her jaw dropped like she couldn’t believe I had the nerve to remember
her name.
“And you’re Percy somebody.
I didn’t get your full name last
December when you tried to kill me.”
“Look, I wasn’t—I didn’t—What are you doing here?”
“Same as you, I guess.
Orientation.”
“You live in New York?”
“What, you thought I lived at the Hoover Dam?”
It had never occurred to me.
Whenever I thought about her (and I’m not
saying I thought about her; she just like crossed my mind from time to time,
okay?), I always figured she lived in the Hoover Dam area, since that’s
where I’d met her.
We’d spent maybe ten minutes together, during which
time I’d accidentally swung a sword at her, she’d saved my life, and I’d run

away chased by a band of supernatural killing machines.
You know, your
typical chance meeting.
Some guy behind us whispered, “Hey, shut up.
The cheerleaders are
talking!”
“Hi, guys!”
a girl bubbled into the microphone.
It was the blonde I’d seen
at the entrance.
“My name is Tammi, and this is like, Kelli.”
Kelli did a
cartwheel.
Next to me, Rachel yelped like someone had stuck her with a pin.
A few
kids looked over and snickered, but Rachel just stared at the cheerleaders in
horror.
Tammi didn’t seem to notice the outburst.
She started talking about
all the great ways we could get involved during our freshman year.
“Run,” Rachel told me.
“Now.”
“Why?”
Rachel didn’t explain.
She pushed her way to the edge of the bleachers,
ignoring the frowning teachers and grumbling kids she was stepping on.
I hesitated.
Tammi was explaining how we were about to break into small
groups and tour the school.
Kelli caught my eye and gave me an amused
smile, like she was waiting to see what I’d do.
It would look bad if I left
right now.
Paul Blofis was down there with the rest of the teachers.
He’d
wonder what was wrong.
Then I thought about Rachel Elizabeth Dare, and the special ability she’d
shown last winter at Hoover Dam.
She’d been able to see a group of security
guards who weren’t guards at all, who weren’t even human.
My heart
pounding, I got up and followed her out of the gym.
***
I found Rachel in the band room.
She was hiding behind a bass drum in
the percussion section.
“Get over here!”
she said.
“Keep your head down!”
I felt pretty silly hiding behind a bunch of bongos, but I crouched down
beside her.
“Did they follow you?”
Rachel asked.
“You mean the cheerleaders?”
She nodded nervously.
“I don’t think so,” I said.
“What are they?
What did you see?”
Her green eyes were bright with fear.
She had a sprinkle of freckles on her
face that reminded me of constellations.
Her maroon T-shirt read
HARVARD ART DEPT.
“You…you wouldn’t believe me.”
“Oh, yeah,
I would,” I promised.
“I know you can see through the Mist.”
“The what?”
“The Mist.
It’s…well, it’s like this veil that hides the way things really are.
Some mortals are born with the ability to see through it.
Like you.”
She studied me carefully.
“You did that at Hoover Dam.
You called me a
mortal.
Like you’re not.”
I felt like punching a bongo.
What was I thinking?
I could never explain.
I
shouldn’t even try.
“Tell me,” she begged.
“You know what it means.
All these horrible
things I see?”
“Look, this is going to sound weird.
Do you know anything about Greek
myths?”
“Like…the Minotaur and the Hydra?”
“Yeah, just try not to say those names when I’m around, okay?”
“And the Furies,” she said, warming up.
“And the Sirens, and—”
“Okay!”
I looked around the band hall, sure that Rachel was going to
make a bunch of bloodthirsty nasties pop out of the walls; but we were still
alone.
Down the hallway, I heard a mob of kids coming out of the
gymnasium.
They were starting the group tours.
We didn’t have long to talk.
“All those monsters,” I said, “all the Greek gods—they’re real.”
“I knew it!”
I would’ve been more comfortable if she’d called me a liar, but Rachel
looked like I’d just confirmed her worst suspicion.
“You don’t know how hard it’s been,” she said.
“For years I thought I was
going crazy.
I couldn’t tell anybody.
I couldn’t—” Her eyes narrowed.
“Wait.
Who are you?
I mean really?”
“I’m not a monster.”
“Well, I know that.
I could see if you were.
You look like…you.
But
you’re not human, are you?”
I swallowed.
Even though I’d had three years to get used to who I was, I’d
never talked about it with a regular mortal before—I mean, except for my
mom, but she already knew.
I don’t know why, but I took the plunge.
“I’m a half-blood,” I said.
“I’m half human.”
“And half what?”
Just then Tammi and Kelli stepped into the band room.
The doors
slammed shut behind them.
“There you are, Percy Jackson,” Tammi said.
“It’s time for your
orientation.”
***
“They’re horrible!”
Rachel gasped.
Tammi and Kelli were still wearing their purple-and-white cheerleader
costumes, holding pom-poms from the rally.
“What do they really look like?”
I asked, but Rachel seemed too stunned
to answer.
“Oh, forget her.”
Tammi gave me a brilliant smile and started walking
toward us.
Kelli stayed by the doors, blocking our exit.
They’d trapped us.
I knew we’d have to fight our way out, but Tammi’s
smile was so dazzling it distracted me.
Her blue eyes were beautiful, and the
way her hair swept over her shoulders…
“Percy,” Rachel warned.
I said something really intelligent like, “Uhhh?”
Tammi was getting closer.
She held out her pom-poms.
“Percy!”
Rachel’s voice seemed to be coming from a long way away.
“Snap out of it!”
It took all my willpower, but I got my pen out of my pocket and uncapped
it.
Riptide grew into a three-foot-long bronze sword, its blade glowing with a
faint golden light.
Tammi’s smile turned to a sneer.
“Oh, come on,” she protested.
“You don’t need that.
How about a kiss
instead?”
She smelled like roses and clean animal fur—a weird
but somehow
intoxicating smell.
Rachel pinched my arm, hard.
“Percy, she wants to bite you!
Look at
her!”
She’s just jealous,” Tammi looked back at Kelli.
“May I, mistress?”
Kelli was still blocking the door, licking her lips hungrily.
“Go ahead,
Tammi.
You’re doing fine.”
Tammi took another step forward, but I leveled the tip of my sword at her
chest.
“Get back.”
She snarled.
“Freshmen,” she said with disgust.
“This is our school, halfblood.
We feed on whom we choose!”
Then she began to change.
The color drained out of her face and arms.
Her skin turned as white as chalk, her eyes completely red.
Her teeth grew
into fangs.
“A vampire!”
I stammered.
Then I noticed her legs.
Below the
cheerleader skirt, her left leg was brown and shaggy with a donkey’s hoof.
Her right leg was shaped like a human leg, but it was made of bronze.
“Uhh,
a vampire with—”
“Don’t mention the legs!”
Tammi snapped.
“It’s rude to make fun!”
She advanced on her weird, mismatched legs.
She looked totally bizarre,
especially with the pom-poms, but I couldn’t laugh—not facing those red
eyes and sharp fangs.
“A vampire, you say?”
Kelli laughed.
“That silly legend was based on us,
you fool.
We are empousai, servants of Hecate.”
“Mmmm.”
Tammi edged closer to me.
“Dark magic formed us from
animal, bronze, and ghost!
We exist to feed on the blood of young men.
Now come, give me that kiss!”
She bared her fangs.
I was so paralyzed I couldn’t move, but Rachel threw
a snare drum at the empousa’s head.
The demon hissed and batted the drum away.
It went rolling along the
aisles between music stands, its springs rattling against the drumhead.
Rachel threw a xylophone, but the demon just swatted that away, too.
“I don’t usually kill girls,” Tammi growled.
“But for you, mortal, I’ll
make an exception.
Your eyesight is a little too good!”
She lunged at Rachel.
“No!”
I slashed with Riptide.
Tammi tried to dodge my blade, but I sliced
straight through her cheerleader uniform, and with a horrible wail she
exploded into dust all over Rachel.
Rachel coughed.
She looked like she’d just had a sack of flour dumped on
her head.
“Gross!”
“Monsters do that,” I said.
“Sorry.”
“You killed my trainee!”
Kelli yelled.
“You need a lesson in school spirit,
half-blood!”
Then she too began to change.
Her wiry hair turned into flickering flames.
Her eyes turned red.
She grew fangs.
She loped toward us, her brass foot and
hoof clopping unevenly on the band-room floor.
“I am senior empousa,” she growled.
“No hero has bested me in a
thousand years.”
“Yeah?”
I said.
“Then you’re overdue!”
Kelli was a lot faster than Tammi.
She dodged my first strike and rolled
into the brass section, knocking over a row of trombones with a mighty
crash.
Rachel scrambled out of the way.
I put myself between her and the
empousa.
Kelli circled us, her eyes going from me to the sword.
“Such a pretty little blade,” she said.
“What a shame it stands between
us.”
Her form shimmered—sometimes a demon, sometimes a pretty
cheerleader.
I tried to keep my mind focused, but it was really distracting.
“Poor dear.”
Kelli chuckled.
“You don’t even know what’s happening, do
you?
Soon, your pretty little camp in flames, your friends made slaves to the
Lord of Time, and there’s nothing you can do to stop it.
It would be merciful
to end your life now, before you have to see that.”
From down the hall, I heard voices.
A tour group was approaching.
A man
was saying something about locker combinations.
The empousa’s eyes lit up.
“Excellent!
We’re about to have company!”
She picked up a tuba and threw it at me.
Rachel and I ducked.
The tuba
sailed over our heads and crashed through the window.
The voices in the hall died down.
“Percy!”
Kelli shouted, pretending to be scared, “why did you throw
that?”
I was too surprised to answer.
Kelli picked up a music stand and swiped a
row of clarinets and flutes.
Chairs and musical instruments crashed to the
floor.
“Stop it!”
I said.
People were tromping down the hall now, coming in our direction.
“Time to greet our visitors!”
Kelli bared her fangs and ran for the doors.
I
charged after her with Riptide.
I had to stop her from hurting the mortals.
“Percy, don’t!”
Rachel shouted.
But I hadn’t realized what Kelli was up to
until it was too late.
Kelli flung open the doors.
Paul Blofis and a bunch of freshmen stepped
back in shock.
I raised my sword.
At the last second, the empousa turned toward me like a cowering victim.
“Oh no, please!” she cried.
I couldn’t stop my blade.
It was already in
motion.
Just before the celestial bronze hit her, Kelli exploded into flames like a
Molotov cocktail.
Waves of fire splashed over everything.
I’d never seen a
monster do that before, but I didn’t have time to wonder about it.
I backed
into the band room as the flames engulfed the doorway.
“Percy?”
Paul Blofis looked completely stunned, staring at me from
across the fire.
“What have you done?”
Kids screamed and ran down the hall.
The fire alarm wailed.
Ceiling
sprinklers hissed to life.
In the chaos, Rachel tugged on my sleeve.
“You have to get out of here!”
She was right.
The school was in flames and I’d be held responsible.
Mortals couldn’t see through the Mist properly.
To them it would look like
I’d just attacked a helpless cheerleader in front of a group of witnesses.
There was no way I could explain it.
I turned from Paul and sprinted for the
broken band room window.
***
I burst out of the alley onto East 81st and ran straight into Annabeth.
“Hey, you’re out early!”
she laughed, grabbing my shoulders to keep me
from tumbling into the street.
“Watch where you’re going, Seaweed Brain.”
For a split second she was in a good mood and everything was fine.
She
was wearing jeans and an orange camp T-shirt and her clay bead necklace.
Her blond hair was pulled back in a ponytail.
Her gray eyes sparkled.
She
looked like she was ready to catch a movie, have a cool afternoon hanging
out together.
Then Rachel Elizabeth Dare, still covered in monster dust, came charging
out of the alley, yelling, “Percy, wait up!”
Annabeth’s smile melted.
She stared at Rachel, then at the school.
For the
first time, she seemed to notice the black smoke and ringing fire alarms.
She frowned at me.
“What did you do this time?
And who is this?”
“Oh, Rachel—Annabeth.
Annabeth—Rachel.
Um, she’s a friend, I
guess.”
I wasn’t sure what else to call Rachel.
I mean, I barely knew her, but after
being in two life-or-death situations together, I couldn’t just call her nobody.
“Hi,” Rachel said.
Then she turned to me.
“You are in so much trouble.
And you still owe me an explanation!”
Police sirens wailed on FDR Drive.
“Percy,” Annabeth said coldly.
“We should go.”
“I want to know more about half-bloods,” Rachel insisted.
“And monsters.
And this stuff about the gods.”
She grabbed my arm, whipped out a
permanent marker, and wrote a phone number on my hand.
“You’re going to
call me and explain, okay?
You owe me that.
Now get going.”
“But—”
“I’ll make up some story,” Rachel said.
“I’ll tell them it wasn’t your fault.
Just go!”
She ran back toward the school, leaving Annabeth and me in the street.
“Hey!”
I jogged after her.
“There were these two empousai,” I tried to
explain.
“They were cheerleaders, see, and they said camp was going to burn,
and—”
“You told a mortal girl about half-bloods?”
“She can see through the Mist.
She saw the monsters before I did.”
“So you told her the truth?”
“She recognized me from Hoover Dam, so—”
“You’ve met her before?”
“Um, last winter.
But seriously, I barely know her.”
“She’s kind of cute.”
“I—I never thought about it.”
Annabeth kept walking toward York Avenue.
“I’ll deal with the school,” I promised, anxious to change the subject.
“Honest, it’ll be fine.”
Annabeth wouldn’t even look at me.
“I guess our afternoon is off.
We
should get you out of here, now that the police will be searching for you.”
Behind us, smoke billowed up from Goode High School.
In the dark
column of ashes, I thought I could almost see a face—a she-demon with red
eyes, laughing at me.
Your pretty little camp in flames, Kelli had said.
Your friends made slaves
to the Lord of Time.
“You’re right,” I told Annabeth, my heart sinking.
“We have to get to
Camp Half-Blood.
Now.”

TWO
THE UNDERWORLD SENDS
ME A PRANK CALL
Nothing caps off the perfect morning like a long taxi ride with an angry
girl.
I tried to talk to Annabeth, but she was acting like I’d just punched her
grandmother.
All I managed to get out of her was that she’d had a monsterinfested spring in San Francisco; she’d come back to camp twice since
Christmas but wouldn’t tell me why (which kind of ticked me off, because
she hadn’t even told me she was in New York); and she’d learned nothing
about the whereabouts of Nico di Angelo (long story).
“Mount Tam is still overrun with monsters,” Annabeth said.
As we headed through Brooklyn, I used Annabeth’s phone to call my
mom.
Half-bloods try not to use cell phones if we can avoid it, because
broadcasting our voices is like sending up a flare to the monsters: Here I am!
Please eat me now!
But I figured this call was important.
I left a message on
our home voice mail, trying to explain what had happened at Goode.
I

probably didn’t do a very good job.
I told my mom I was fine, she shouldn’t
worry, but I was going to stay at camp until things cooled down.
I asked her
to tell Paul Blofis I was sorry.
We rode in silence after that.
The city melted away until we were off the
expressway and rolling through the countryside of northern Long Island,
past orchards and wineries and fresh produce stands.
I stared at the phone number Rachel Elizabeth Dare had scrawled on my
hand.
I knew it was crazy, but I was tempted to call her.
Maybe she could
help me understand what the empousa had been talking about—the camp
burning, my friends imprisoned.
And why had Kelli exploded into flames?
I knew monsters never truly died.
Eventually—maybe weeks, months, or
years from now—Kelli would re-form out of the primordial nastiness
seething in the Underworld.
But still, monsters didn’t usually let themselves
get destroyed so easily.
If she really was destroyed.
The taxi exited on Route 25A. We headed through the woods along the
North Shore until a low ridge of hills appeared on our left.
Annabeth told the
driver to pull over on Farm Road 3.141, at the base of Half-Blood Hill.
The driver frowned.
“There ain’t nothing here, miss.
You sure you want
out?”
“Yes, please,” Annabeth handed him a roll of mortal cash, and the driver
decided not to argue.
Annabeth and I hiked to the crest of the hill.
The young guardian dragon
was dozing, coiled around the pine tree, but he lifted his coppery head as we
approached and let Annabeth scratch under his chin.
Steam hissed out his
nostrils like from a teakettle, and he went cross-eyed with pleasure.
“Hey, Peleus,” Annabeth said.
“Keeping everything safe?”
The last time I’d seen the dragon he’d been six feet long.
Now he was at
least twice that, and as thick around as the tree itself.
Above his head, on the
lowest branch of the pine tree, the Golden Fleece shimmered, its magic
protecting the camp’s borders from invasion.
The dragon seemed relaxed,
like everything was okay.
Below us, Camp Half-Blood looked peaceful—
green fields, forest, shiny white Greek buildings.
The four-story farmhouse
we called the Big House sat proudly in the midst of the strawberry fields.
To
the north, past the beach, the Long Island Sound glittered in the sunlight.
Still…something felt wrong.
There was tension in the air, as if the hill
itself were holding its breath, waiting for something bad to happen.
We walked down into the valley and found the summer session in full
swing.
Most of the campers had arrived last Friday, so I already felt out of it.
The satyrs were playing their pipes in the strawberry fields, making the

plants grow with woodland magic.
Campers were having flying horseback
lessons, swooping over the woods on their pegasi.
Smoke rose from the
forges, and hammers rang as kids made their own weapons for Arts & Crafts.
The Athena and Demeter teams were having a chariot race around the track,
and over at the canoe lake some kids in a Greek trireme were fighting a large
orange sea serpent.
A typical day at camp.
“I need to talk to Clarisse,” Annabeth said.
I stared at her as if she’d just said I need to eat a large, smelly boot.
“We’ve been working on something,” Annabeth said.
“I’ll see you later.”
“Working on what?”
Annabeth glanced toward the forest.
“I’ll tell Chiron you’re here,” she said.
“He’ll want to talk to you before
the hearing.”
“What hearing?”
But she jogged down the path toward the archery field without looking
back.
“Yeah,” I muttered.
“Great talking with you, too.”
***
As I made my way through camp, I said hi to some of my friends.
In the
Big House’s driveway, Connor and Travis Stoll from the Hermes cabin were
hot-wiring the camps SUV.
Silena Beauregard, the head counselor for
Aphrodite, waved at me from her Pegasus as she flew past.
I looked for
Grover, but I didn’t see him.
Finally I wandered into the sword arena, where
I usually go when I’m in a bad mood.
Practicing always calms me down.
Maybe that’s because swordplay is one thing I can actually understand.
I walked into the amphitheater and my heart almost stopped.
In the middle
of the arena floor, with its back to me, was the biggest hellhound I’d ever
seen.
I mean, I’ve seen some pretty big hellhounds.
One the size of a rhino tried
to kill me when I was twelve.
But this hellhound was bigger than a tank.
I
had no idea how it had gotten past the camp’s magic boundaries.
It looked
right at home, lying on its belly, growling contentedly as it chewed the head
off a combat dummy.
It hadn’t noticed me yet, but if I made a sound, I knew

it would sense me.
There was no time to go for help.
I pulled out Riptide and
uncapped it.
“Yaaaaah!”
I charged.
I brought down the blade on the monster’s
enormous backside when out of nowhere another sword blocked my strike.
CLANG!
The hellhound pricked up its ears.
“WOOF!”
I jumped back and instinctively struck at the swordsman—a gray-haired
man in Greek armor.
He parried my attack with no problem.
“Whoa there!”
he said.
“Truce!”
“WOOF!”
The hellhound’s bark shook the arena.
“That’s a hellhound!”
I shouted.
“She’s harmless,” the man said.
“That’s Mrs. O’Leary.”
I blinked.
“Mrs. O’Leary?”
At the sound of her name, the hellhound barked again.
I realized she
wasn’t angry.
She was excited.
She nudged the soggy, badly chewed target
dummy toward the swordsman.
“Good girl,” the man said.
With his free hand he grabbed the armored
manikin by the neck and heaved it toward the bleachers.
“Get the Greek!
Get
the Greek!”
Mrs. O’Leary bounded after her prey and pounced on the dummy,
flattening its armor.
She began chewing on its helmet.
The swordsman smiled dryly.
He was in his fifties.
I guess, with short
gray hair and a clipped gray beard.
He was in good shape for an older guy.
He wore black mountain-climbing pants and a bronze breastplate strapped
over an orange camp T-shirt.
At the base of his neck was a strange mark, a
purplish blotch like a birthmark or a tattoo, but before I could make out what
it was, he shifted his armor straps and the mark disappeared under his collar.
“Mrs. O’Leary is my pet,” he explained.
“I couldn’t let you stick a sword
in her rump, now, could I?
That might have scared her.”
“Who are you?”
Promise not to kill me if I put my sword away?”
“I guess.”
He sheathed his sword and held out his hand.
“Quintus.”
I shook his hand.
It was as rough as a sandpaper.
“Percy Jackson,” I said.
“Sorry about—How did you, um—”
“Get a hellhound for a pet?
Long story, involving many close calls with a
death and quite a few giant chew toys.
I’m the new sword instructor, by the
way.
Helping out Chiron while Mr. D is away.”

“Oh.”
I tried not to stare as Mrs. O’Leary ripped off the target dummy’s
shield with the arm still attached and shook it like a Frisbee.
“Wait, Mr. D is
away?”
“Yes, well…busy times.
Even Dionysus must help out.
He’s gone to visit
some old friends.
Make sure they’re on the right side.
I probably shouldn’t
say more than that.”
If Dionysus was gone, that was the best news I’d had all day.
Standing off to one side of the circle were Annabeth, another girl I’d
never seen before, and Clarisse.
Chiron dropped me next to them.
Clarisse’s stringy brown hair was tied back with a camouflage bandanna.
If possible, she looked even buffer, like she’d been working out.
She glared
at me and muttered, “Punk,” which must’ve meant she was in a good mood.
Usually she says hello by trying to kill me.
Annabeth had her arm around the other girl, who looked like she’d been
crying.
She was small—petite, I guess you’d call it—with wispy hair the
color of amber and a pretty, elfish face.
She wore a green chiton and laced
sandals, and she was dabbing her eyes with a handkerchief.
“It’s going
terribly,” she sniffled.
“No, no,” Annabeth patted her shoulders.
“He’ll be fine, Juniper.”
Annabeth looked at me and mouthed the words Grover’s girlfriend.
At least I thought that’s what she said, but that didn’t make any sense.
Grover with a girlfriend?
Then I looked at Juniper more closely, and I
realized her ears were slightly pointed.
Her eyes, instead of being red from
crying, were tinged green, the color of chlorophyll.
She was a tree nymph—
a dryad.
“Master Underwood!”
I don’t know what surprised me more: Clarisse holding someone back
from a fight, or the fact that she and Annabeth, who despised each other,
almost seemed like they were working together.
“For six months,” Silenus continued, “we have indulged you, Master
Underwood.
We let you travel.
We allowed you to keep your searcher’s
license.
We waited for you to bring proof of your preposterous claim.
And
what have you found in six months of travel?”
“I just need more time,” Grover pleaded.
“Nothing!”
the elder in the middle chimed in.
“You have found nothing.”
“But, Leneus—”

Silenus raised his hand.
Chiron leaned in and said something to the satyrs.
The satyrs didn’t look happy.
They muttered and argued among themselves,
but Chiron said something else, and Silenus sighed.
He nodded reluctantly.
“Master Underwood,” Silenus announced, “we will give you one more
chance.”
Grover brightened.
“Thank you!”
“One more week.”
“What?
But sir!
That’s impossible!”
“One more week, Master Underwood.
And then, if you cannot prove your
claims, it will be time for you to pursue another career.
Something to suit
your dramatic talents.
Puppet theater, perhaps.
Or tap dancing.”
“But sir, I—I can’t lose my searcher’s license.
My whole life—”
“This meeting of the council is adjourned,” Silenus said.
“And now let us
enjoy our noonday meal!”
The old satyr clapped his hands, and a bunch of nymphs melted out of the
trees with platters of vegetables, fruits, tin cans, and other goat delicacies.
The circle of satyrs broke and charged the food.
Grover walked dejectedly
toward us.
His faded blue T-shirt had a picture of a satyr on it.
It read GOT
HOOVES?
“Hi, Percy,” he said, so depressed he didn’t even offer to shake my hand.
“That went well, huh?”
“Those old goats!”
Juniper said.
“Oh, Grover, they don’t know how hard
you’ve tried!”
We can fight monsters and see Annabeth and make things go
BOOM!”
I hoped he didn’t mean all at the same time, but I told him absolutely,
we’d have a lot of fun this summer.
I couldn’t help smiling, he was so
enthusiastic about everything.
“But first,” I said, “we’ve gotta worry about inspection.
We should…”
Then I looked around and realized Tyson had been busy.
The floor was
swept.
The bunk beds were made.
The saltwater fountain in the corner had
been freshly scrubbed so the coral gleamed.
On the windowsills, Tyson had
set out water-filled vases with sea anemones and strange glowing plants
from the bottom of the ocean, more beautiful than any flower bouquets the
Demeter kids could whip up.
“Tyson, the cabin looks…amazing!”
He beamed.
“See the fish ponies?
I put them on the ceiling!”
A herd of miniature bronze hippocampi hung on wires from the ceiling, so
it looked like they were swimming through the air.
I couldn’t believe Tyson,
with his huge hands, could make things so delicate.
Then I looked over at
my bunk, and I saw my old shield hanging on the wall.
“You fixed it!”
The shield had been badly damaged in a manticore attack last winter.
But
now it was perfect again—not a scratch.
All the bronze pictures of my
adventures with Tyson and Annabeth in the Sea of Monsters were polished
and gleaming.
I looked at Tyson.
I didn’t know how to thank him.
Then somebody behind me said, “Oh, my.”
Silena Beauregard was standing in the doorway with her inspection scroll.
She stepped into the cabin, did a quick twirl, then raised her eyebrows at me.
“Well, I had my doubts.
But you clean up nicely, Percy.
I’ll remember that.”
She winked at me and left the room.
***
Tyson
and I spent the afternoon catching up and just hanging out, which
was nice after a morning of getting attacked by demon cheerleaders.
We went down to the forge and helped Beckendorf from the Hephaestus
cabin with his metalworking.
Tyson showed us how he’d learned to craft
magic weapons.
He fashioned a flaming double-bladed war axe so fast even
Beckendorf was impressed.
While he worked, Tyson told us about his year under the sea.
His eye lit
up when he described the Cyclopes’ forges and the palace of Poseidon, but
he also told us how tense things were.
The old gods of the sea, who’d ruled
during Titan times, were starting to make war on our father.
When Tyson
had left, battles had been raging all over the Atlantic.
Hearing that made me
feel anxious, like I should be helping out, but Tyson assured me that Dad
wanted us both at camp.
“Lots of bad people above the sea, too,” Tyson said.
“We can make them
go boom.”
After the forges, we spent some time at the canoe lake with Annabeth.
She was really glad to see Tyson, but I could tell she was distracted.
I asked Annabeth.
So did Annabeth.
But we
didn’t have any luck.
This is secret, Tyson.
Okay?
If anyone found out he
was a son of Hades, he would be in danger.
You can’t even tell Chiron.”
“The bad prophecy,” Tyson said.
“Titans might use him if they knew.”
I stared at him.
Sometimes it was easy to forget that as big and childlike
as he was, Tyson was pretty smart.
And Annabeth
was right next to me.
I mean right next to me.
“You’re not supposed to be here,” I said.
“We need to talk,” she insisted.
“But the rules…”
She knew as well as I did that campers weren’t allowed to switch tables.
Satyrs were different.
They weren’t really demigods.
But the half-bloods had
to sit with their cabins.
I wasn’t even sure what the punishment was for
switching tables.
I’d never seen it happen.
If Mr. D had been here, he
probably would’ve strangled Annabeth with magical grapevines or
something, but Mr. D wasn’t here.
Chiron had already left the pavilion.
Quintus looked over and raised an eyebrow, but he didn’t say anything.
“Look,” Annabeth said, “Grover is in trouble.
There’s only one way we
can figure to help him.
It’s the Labyrinth.
“You mean the maze where
they kept the Minotaur, back in the old days?”
“Exactly,” Annabeth said.
“So…it’s not under the king’s palace in Crete anymore,” I guessed.
“The
Labyrinth is under some building in America.”
See?
It only took me a few years to figure things out.
I knew that
important places moved around with Western Civilization, like Mount
Olympus being over the Empire State building, and the Underworld entrance
being in Los Angeles.
I was feeling pretty proud of myself.
Annabeth rolled her eyes.
“Under a building?
Please, Percy.
The
Labyrinth is huge.
It wouldn’t fit under a single city, much less a single
building.”
I thought about my dream of Nico at the River Styx.
“So…is the
Labyrinth part of the Underworld?”
“No.”
Annabeth frowned.
“Well, there may be passages from the
Labyrinth down into the Underworld.
I’m not sure.
But the Underworld is
way, way down.
The Labyrinth is right under the surface of the mortal world,
kind of like a second skin.
It’s been growing for thousands of years, lacing
its way under Western cities, connecting everything together underground.
You can get anywhere through the Labyrinth.”
“If you don’t get lost,” Grover muttered.
“And die a horrible death.”
“Grover, there has to be a way,” Annabeth said.
I got the feeling they’d
had this conversation before.
“Yeah,” Annabeth said.
“Last summer he just appeared in Phoenix,
Arizona, near Clarisse’s mom’s house.”
“What do you mean he just appeared?”
“He was wandering around the desert, in a hundred and twenty degrees, in
full Greek armor, babbling about string.”
“String,” I said.
“He’d been driven completely insane.
Clarisse brought him back to her
mom’s house so the mortals wouldn’t institutionalize him.
She tried to nurse
him back to health.
Chiron came out and interviewed him, but it wasn’t
much good.
“Why were they exploring the Labyrinth?”
“We weren’t sure,” Annabeth said.
“But not if you had Ariadne’s string,” Annabeth said.
“In the old days,
Ariadne’s string guided Theseus out of the maze.
It was a navigation
instrument of some kind, invented by Daedalus.
And Chris Rodriguez was
mumbling about string.”
“But,” Annabeth said, “the Labyrinth can lead you almost anywhere.
It
reads your thoughts.
It was designed to fool you, trick you and kill you; but
if you can make the Labyrinth work for you—”
“It could lead you to the wild god,” I said.
“I can’t do it.”
Grover hugged his stomach.
“Just thinking about it makes
me want to throw up my silverware.”
“Grover, it may be your last chance,” Annabeth said.
“The council is
serious.
One week or you learn to tap dance!”
Over at the head table, Quintus cleared his throat.
I got the feeling he
didn’t want to make a scene, but Annabeth was really pushing it, sitting at
my table so long.
“We’ll talk later,” Annabeth squeezed my arm a little too hard.
“Convince
him, will you?”
She returned to the Athena table, ignoring all the people who were staring
at her.
Grover buried his head in his hands.
“I can’t do it, Percy.
My searcher’s
license.
Pan. I’m going to lose it all.
I’ll have to start a puppet theater.”
“Don’t say that!
We’ll figure something out.”
He looked at me teary-eyed.
“Percy, you’re my best friend.
You’ve seen
me underground.
In that Cyclops’s cave.
Do you really think I could…”
His voice faltered.
I remembered the Sea of Monsters, when he’d been
stuck in a Cyclops’s cave.
He’d never liked underground places to begin
with, but now Grover really hated them.
Cyclopes gave him the creeps, too.
“They’ll be fine,” Annabeth said.
“Come on.
Let’s worry about how we’re
going to stay alive.”

***
It was still light when we got into the woods, but the shadows from the
trees made it feel like midnight.
It was cold, too, even in summer.
Annabeth
and I found tracks almost immediately—scuttling marks made by something
with a lot of legs.
We began to follow the trail.
We jumped a creek and heard some twigs snapping nearby.
We crouched
behind a boulder, but it was only the Stoll brothers tripping through the
woods and cursing.
Their dad was the god of thieves, but they were about as
stealthy as buffaloes.
Once the Stolls had passed, we forged deeper into the west woods where
the monsters were wilder.
We were standing on a ledge overlooking a
marshy pond when Annabeth tensed.
“This is where we stopped looking.”
It took me a second to realize what she meant.
Last winter, when we’d
given up hope of finding him, Grover, Annabeth, and I had stood on this
rock, and I’d convinced them not to tell Chiron the truth: that Nico was a son
of Hades.
At the time it seemed the right thing to do.
I wanted to protect his
identity.
I wanted to be the one to find him and make things right for what
had happened to his sister.
Now, six months later, I hadn’t even come close
to finding him.
It left a bitter taste in my mouth.
“I saw him last night,” I said.
Annabeth knit her eyebrows.
“What do you mean?”
I told her about the Iris-message.
When I was done, she stared into the
shadows of the woods.
“He’s summoning the dead?
That’s not good.”
“The ghost was giving him bad advice,” I said.
“Telling him to take
revenge.”
“Yeah…spirits are never good advisers they’ve got their own agendas.
Old grudges.
And they resent the living.”
“He’s going to come after me,” I said.
“The spirit mentioned a maze.”
She nodded.
“That settles it.
We have to figure out the Labyrinth.”
“Maybe,” I said uncomfortably.
“But who sent the Iris-message?
If Nico
didn’t know I was there—”
A branch snapped in the woods.
Dry leaves rustled.
Something large was
moving in the trees, just beyond the ridge.
“That’s not the Stoll brothers,” Annabeth whispered.
Together we drew our swords.
***

We got to Zeus’s Fist, a huge pile of boulders in the middle of the west
woods.
It was a natural landmark where campers often rendezvoused on
hunting expeditions, but now there was nobody around.
“Over there,” Annabeth whispered.
“No, wait,” I said.
“Behind us.”
It was weird.
Scuttling noises seemed to be coming from several different
directions.
We were circling the boulders, our swords drawn, when someone
right behind us said, “Hi.”
We whirled around, and the tree nymph Juniper yelped.
“Put those down!”
she protested.
“Dryads don’t like sharp blades, okay?”
“Juniper,” Annabeth exhaled.
“What are you doing here?”
“I live here.”
I lowered my sword.
“In the boulders?”
She pointed toward the edge of the clearing.
“In the juniper.
Duh.”
It made sense, and I felt kind of stupid.
I’d been hanging around dryads
for years, but I never really talked to them much.
I knew they couldn’t go
very far away from their tree, which was the source of life.
But I didn’t
know much else.
“Are you guys busy?”
Juniper asked.
“Well,” I said, “we’re in the middle of this game against a bunch of
monsters and we’re trying not to die.”
“We’re not busy,” Annabeth said.
“What’s wrong, Juniper?”
Junper sniffled.
She wiped her silky sleeve under her eyes.
“It’s Grover.
He seems so distraught.
All year he’s been out looking for Pan.
And every
time he comes back, its worse.
I thought maybe, at first, he was seeing
another tree.”
“No,” Annabeth said as Juniper started crying.
“I’m sure that’s not it.”
“He had a crush on a blueberry bush once,” Juniper said miserably.
“Juniper,” Annabeth said, “Grover would never even look at another tree.
He’s just stressed out about his searcher’s license.”
“He can’t go underground!”
she protested.
“You can’t let him.”
Annabeth looked uncomfortable.
“It might be the only way to help him; if
we just knew where to start.”
“Ah.”
Juniper wiped a green tear off her cheek.
“About that…”
Another rustle in the woods, and Juniper yelled, “Hide!”
Before I could ask why, she went poof into green mist.
Annabeth and I turned.
Coming out of the woods was a glistening amber
insect, ten feet long, with jagged pincers, an armored tail, and a stinger as
long as my sword.
A scorpion.
Tied to its back was a red silk package.
“One of us gets behind it,” Annabeth said, as the thing clattered toward us.
“Cuts off its tail while the other distracts it in front.”
“I’ll take point,” I said.
“You’ve got the invisibility hat.”
She nodded.
We’d fought together so many times we knew each other’s
moves.
We could do this, easy.
But it all went wrong when the other two
scorpions appeared from the woods.
“Three?”
Annabeth said.
“That’s not possible!
The whole woods, and
half the monsters come at us?”
I swallowed.
One, we could take.
Two, with a little luck.
Three?
Doubtful.
The scorpions scurried toward us, whipping their barbed tails like they’d
come here just to kill us.
Annabeth and I put our backs against the nearest
boulder.
“Climb?”
I said.
“No time,” she said.
She was right.
The scorpions were already surrounding us.
They were so
close I could see their hideous mouths foaming, anticipating an ice juicy
meal of demigods.
“Look out!”
Annabeth parried away a stinger with the flat of her blade.
I
stabbed with Riptide, but the scorpion backed out of range.
We clambered
sideways along the boulders, but the scorpions followed us.
I slashed at
another one, but going on the offensive was too dangerous.
If I went for the
body, the tail stabbed downward.
If I went for the tail, the thing’s pincers
came from either side and tried to grab me.
All we could do was defend, and
we wouldn’t be able to keep that up for very long.
I took another step sideways, and suddenly there was nothing behind me.
It was a crack between two of the largest boulders, something I’d passed by
a million times, but…
“In here,” I said.
Annabeth sliced at a scorpion then looked at me like I was crazy.
“In
there?
It’s too narrow.”
“I’ll cover you.
Go!”
She ducked behind me and started squeezing between the two boulders.
Then she yelped and grabbed my armor straps, and suddenly I was tumbling
into a pit that hadn’t been there a moment before.
I could see the scorpions
above us, the purple evening sky and the trees, and then the hole shut like
the lens of a camera, and we were in complete darkness.
Our breathing echoed against stone.
It was wet and cold.
I was sitting on a
bumpy floor that seemed to be made of bricks.
I lifted Riptide.
The faint glow of the blade was just enough to illuminate
Annabeth’s frightened face and the mossy stone walls on either side of us.
“Wh-where are we?”
Annabeth said.
“Safe from the scorpions, anyway,” I tried to sound calm, but I was
freaking out.
The crack between the boulders couldn’t have led into a cave.
I
would’ve known if there was a cave here; I was sure of it.
It was like the
ground had opened up and swallowed us.
All I could think of was the fissure
in the dining room pavilion, where those skeletons had been consumed last
summer.
I wondered if the same thing had happened to us.
I lifted my sword again for light.
“It’s a long room,” I muttered.
Annabeth gripped my arm.
“It’s not a room.
It’s a corridor.”
She was right the darkness felt…emptier in front of us.
There was a warm
breeze, like in subway tunnels, only it felt older, more dangerous somehow.
I started forward, but Annabeth stopped me.
“Don’t take another step,”
she warned.
“We need to find the exit.”
She sounded really scared now.
“It’s okay,” I promised.
“It’s right—”
I looked up and realized I couldn’t see where we’d fallen in.
The ceiling
was solid stone.
The corridor seemed to stretch endlessly in both directions.
Annabeth’s hand slipped into mine.
Under different circumstances I
would’ve been embarrassed, but here in the dark I was glad to know where
she was.
It was about the only thing I was sure of.
“Two steps back,” she advised.
We stepped backward together like we were in a minefield.
“Okay,” she said.
“Help me examine the walls.”
“What for?”
“The mark of Daedalus,” she said, as if that was supposed to make sense.
“Uh, okay.
What kind of—”
“Got it!”
she said with relief.
She set her hand on the wall and pressed
against a tiny fissure, which began to glow blue.
A Greek symbol appeared:
∆, the Ancient Greek Delta.
The roof slid open and we saw night sky, stars blazing.
It was a lot darker
than it should’ve been.
Metal ladder rungs appeared in the side of the wall,
leading up, and I could hear people yelling our names.
“Percy! Annabeth!”
Tyson’s voice bellowed the loudest, but others were
calling out too.
I looked nervously at Annabeth.
Then we began to climb.
***
We made our way around the rocks and ran into Clarisse and a bunch of
other campers carrying torches.
“Where have you two been?”
The others looked at me skeptically, then at Annabeth.
“Honest!”
I said.
“There were three scorpions after us, so we ran and hid
in the rocks.
But we were only gone a minute.”
“You’ve been missing for almost an hour,” Chiron said.
“The game is
over.”
“Yeah,” Grover muttered.
“We would’ve won, but a Cyclops sat on me.”
“Was an accident!”
Tyson protested, and then he sneezed.
Annabeth took a deep breath.
She looked around at the other campers.
“Chiron…maybe we should talk about this at the Big House.”
Clarisse gasped.
“You found it, didn’t you?”
Annabeth bit her lip.
“I—Yeah.
Yeah, we did.”
A bunch of campers started asking questions, looking about as confused
as I was, but Chiron raised his hand for silence.
“Tonight is not the right
time, and this is not the right place.”
He stared at boulders as if he’d just
noticed how dangerous they were.
“All of you, back to your cabins.
Get
some sleep.
A game well played, but curfew is past!”
There was a lot of mumbling and complaints, but the campers drifted off,
talking among themselves and giving me suspicious looks.
What did we find?”
Annabeth turned toward me, her eyes dark with worry.
“An entrance to
the Labyrinth.
An invasion route straight into the heart of the camp.”

FOUR
ANNABETH BREAKS
THE RULES
Chiron had insisted we talk about it in the morning, which was kind of
like, Hey, your life’s in mortal danger.
Sleep tight!
It was hard to fall asleep,
but when I finally did, I dreamed of a prison.
I saw a goy in a Greek tunic and sandals crouching alone in a massive
stone room.
The ceiling was open to the night sky, but the walls were twenty
feet high and polished marble, completely smooth.
Scattered around the
room were wooden crates.
Some were cracked and tipped over, as if they’d
been flung in there.
Bronze tools spilled out of one—a compass, a saw, and a
bunch of other things I didn’t recognize.
The boy huddled in the corner, shivering from cold, or maybe fear.
He
was spattered in mud.
His legs, arms, and face, were scraped up as if he’d
been dragged here along with the boxes.
Then the double oak doors moaned open.
Two guards in bronze armor
marched in, holding an old man between them.
They flung him to the floor
in a battered heap.
“Father!”
The boy ran to him.
The man’s robes were in tatters.
His hair
was streaked with gray, and his beard was long and curly.
His nose had been
broken.
His lips were bloody.
The boy took the old man’s head in his arms.
“What did they do to you?”
then he yelled at the guards.
“I’ll kill you!”
“There will be no killing today,” a voice said.
The guards moved aside.
Behind them stood a tall man in white robes.
He
wore a thin circlet of gold on his head.
His beard was pointed like a spear
blade.
His eyes glittered cruelly.
“You helped the Athenian kill my Minotaur,
Daedalus.
You turned my won daughter against me.”
“You did that yourself, Your Majesty,” the old man croaked.
A guard planted a kick in the old man’s ribs.
He groaned in agony.
The
young boy cried, “Stop!”
“You love your maze so much,” the king said, “I have decided to let you
stay here.
This will be your workshop.
Make me new wonders.
Amuse me.
Every maze needs a monster.
You will be mine!”
“I don’t fear you,” the old man groaned.
The king smiled coldly.
He locked his eyes on the boy.
“But a man cares
about his son, eh?
Displease me, old man, and the next time my guards
inflict a punishment, it will be on him!”
The king swept out of the room with his guards, and the doors slammed
shut, leaving the boy and his father alone in the darkness.
“What shall we do?”
the boy moaned.
“Father, they will kill you!”
The old man swallowed with difficulty.
He tried to smile, but it was a
gruesome sight with his bloody mouth.
“Take heart, my son.”
He gazed up at the stars.
“I—I will find a way.”
A bar lowered across the doors with a fatal BOOM, and I woke in a cold
sweat.
***
I was still feeling shaky the next morning when Chiron called a war
council.
We met in the sword arena, which I thought was pretty strange—
trying to discuss the fate of the camp while Mrs. O’Leary chewed on a lifesize squeaky pink rubber yak.
Chiron and Quintus stood at the front by the weapon racks.
“Luke must have known about the Labyrinth entrance,” Annabeth said.
“He knew everything about camp.”
I thought I heard a little pride in her voice, like she still respected the guy,
evil as he was.
Juniper cleared her throat.
“That’s what I was trying to tell you last night.
The cave entrance has been there a long time.
“He’s been sending scouts into the maze,” Annabeth said.
“We know
because…because we found one.”
“Chris Rodriguez,” Chiron said.
He gave Quintus a meaningful look.
“Ah,” Quintus said.
“The one in the…Yes, I understand.”
“The one in the what?”
I asked.
“Yes,” Annabeth said.
“The greatest architect, the greatest inventor of all
time.
If the legends are true, his workshop is in the center of the Labyrinth.
He’s the only one who knew how to navigate the maze perfectly.
“Back up a sec,
Annabeth, you said ‘convince Daedalus’?
Isn’t Daedalus dead?”
Quintus grunted.
“I would hope so.
He lived, what, three thousand years
ago?
And even if he were alive, don’t the old stories say he fled from the
Labyrinth?”
Chiron clopped restlessly on his hooves.
“That’s the problem, my dear
Quintus.
No one knows.
There are rumors…well, there are many disturbing
rumors about Daedalus, but one is that he disappeared back into the
Labyrinth toward the end of his life.
He might still be there.”
I thought about the old man I’d seen in my dreams.
He’d looked so frail, it
was hard to believe he’d lasted another week, much less three thousand
years.
“We need to go in,” Annabeth announced.
“Are you going to help me or not?”
I realized everyone was watching Annabeth and me like a tennis match.
Mrs. O’Leary’s squeaky yak went EEK!
As she ripped off its pink rubber
head.
Chiron cleared his throat.
“First things first.
We need a quest.
I knew Annabeth had been waiting for
her own quest since she was a little kid, but she looked uncomfortable.
Now, do
we have agreement that Annabeth should lead the quest?”
We all nodded except Quintus.
He folded his arms and stared at the table,
but I wasn’t sure anyone else noticed.
“Very well,” Chiron turned to Annabeth.
“My dear, it’s your time to visit
the Oracle.
Assuming you return to us in one piece, we shall discuss what to
do next.”
***
Waiting for Annabeth was harder than visiting the Oracle myself.
I’d heard it speak prophecies twice before.
The first time had been in the
dusty attic of the Big House, where the spirit of Delphi slept inside the body
of a mummified hippie lady.
The second time, the Oracle had come out for a
little stroll in the woods.
I still had nightmares about that.
I’d never felt threatened by the Oracle’s presence, but I’d heard stories:
campers who’d gone insane, or who’d seen visions so real they died of fear.
I paced the arena, waiting.
Mrs. O’Leary ate her lunch, which consisted of
a hundred pounds of ground beef and several dog biscuits the size of trashcan lids.
I wondered where Quintus got dog biscuits that size.
I didn’t figure
you could just walk into Pet Zone and put those in your shopping cart.
Chiron was deep in conversation with Quintus and Argus.
It looked to me
like they were disagreeing about something.
Quintus kept shaking his head.
On the other side of the arena, Tyson and the Stoll brothers were racing
miniature bronze chariots that Tyson had made out of armor scraps.
I gave up on pacing and left the arena.
I stared across the fields at the Big
House’s attic window, dark and still.
What was taking Annabeth so long?
I
was pretty sure it hadn’t taken me this long to get my quest.
“Percy,” a girl whispered.
Juniper was standing in the bushes.
It was weird how she almost turned
invisible when she was surrounded by plants.
She gestured me over urgently.
If Quintus was
up to something…I needed Annabeth’s advice.
She might know what to
make of Juniper’s news.
But where the heck was she?
Whatever was
happening with the Oracle, it shouldn’t be taking this long.
Finally I couldn’t stand it anymore.
It was against the rules, but then again, nobody was watching.
I ran down
the hill and headed across the fields.
***

The front parlor of the Big House was strangely quiet.
I was used to
seeing Dionysus by the fireplace, playing cards and eating grapes and
griping at satyrs, but Mr. D was still away.
I walked down the hallway, floorboards creaking under my feat.
When I
got to the base of the stairs, I hesitated.
Four floors above would be a little
trapdoor leading to the attic.
Annabeth would be up there somewhere.
I
stood quietly and listened.
But what I heard wasn’t what I had expected.
Sobbing.
And it was coming from below me.
I crept around the back of the stairs.
The basement door was open.
I didn’t
even know the Big House had a basement.
I peered inside and saw two
figures in the far corner, sitting amid a bunch of stockpiled cases of
ambrosia and strawberry preserves.
Annabeth looked at me first.
I couldn’t tell if she was trying to warn me,
or if the look in her eyes was just plain fear.
Then she focused on Quintus.
“I
got the prophecy.
I will lead the quest to find Daedalus’s workshop.”
Nobody cheered.
I mean, we all liked Annabeth, and we wanted her to
have a quest, but this one seemed insanely dangerous.
After what I’d seen of
Chris Rodriguez, I didn’t even want to think about Annabeth descending
into that weird maze again.
Chiron scraped a hoof on the dirt floor.
“What did the prophecy say
exactly, my dear?
The wording is important.”
Annabeth took a deep breath.
“I, ah…well, it said, you shall delve in the
darkness of the endless maze...”
We waited.
“The dead, the traitor, and the lost one raise.”
Grover perked up.
“The lost one!
That must mean Pan!
That’s great!”
“With the dead and the traitor,” I added.
“Not so great.”
“And?”
Chiron asked.
“What is the rest?”
“You shall rise or fall by the ghost king’s hand,” Annabeth said, “the
child of Athena’s final stand.”
Everyone looked around uncomfortably.
Annabeth was a daughter of
Athena, and a final stand didn’t sound good.
“Hey…we shouldn’t jump to conclusions,” Silena said.
“Annabeth isn’t
the only child of Athena, right?”
“But who’s this ghost king?”
Beckendorf asked.
No one answered.
I thought about the Iris-message I’d seen of Nico
summoning spirits.
I had a bad feeling the prophecy was connected to that.
“Are there more lines?”
Chiron asked.
“The prophecy does not sound
complete.”
Annabeth hesitated.
“I don’t remember exactly.”
Chiron raised an eyebrow.
Annabeth was known for her memory.
She
never forgot something she heard.
Annabeth shifted on her bench.
“Something about…Destroy with a hero’s
final breath.”
“And?”
Chiron asked.
She stood.
“Look, the point is, I have to go in.
“And Tyson,” Annabeth said.
“I’ll need you too.”
“Yay! Blow-things-up time!”
Tyson clapped so hard he woke up Mrs.
O’Leary, who was dozing in the corner.
“Wait, Annabeth,” Chiron said.
“This goes against the ancient laws.
A
hero is allowed only two companions.”
“I need them all,” she insisted.
“Chiron, it’s important.”
I didn’t know why she was so certain, but I was happy she’d included
Tyson.
I couldn’t imagine leaving him behind.
He was huge and strong and
great at figuring out mechanical things.
Unlike satyrs, Cyclopes had no
problem underground.
“Annabeth.”
Chiron flicked his tail nervously.
“Consider well.
You would
be breaking the ancient laws, and there are always consequences.
Last winter,
five went on a quest to save Artemis.
Only three came back.
Think on that.
Three is a sacred number.
There are three fates, three furies, three Olympian
sons of Kronos.
It is a good strong number that stands against many dangers.
Four…this is risky.”
Annabeth took a deep breath.
“I know.
But we have to.
Please.”
I could tell Chiron didn’t like it.
Quintus was studying us, like he was
trying to decide which of us would come back alive.
Chiron sighed.
“Very well.
Let us adjourn.
The members of the quest
must prepare themselves.
Tomorrow at dawn, we send you into the
Labyrinth.”
***
Quintus pulled me aside as the council was breaking up.
“I have a bad feeling about this,” he told me.
Mrs. O’Leary came over, wagging her tail happily.
She dropped her shield
at my feet, and I threw it for her.
Quintus watched her romp after it.
I
remembered what Juniper had said about him scouting out the maze.
I
didn’t’ trust him, but when he looked at me, I saw real concern in his eyes.
“I don’t like the idea of you going down there,” he said.
“Any of you.
but
if you must, I want you to remember something.
The Labyrinth exists to fool
you.
It will distract you.
That’s dangerous for half-bloods.
We are easily
distracted.”
“You’ve been in there?”
“Long ago.”
His voice was ragged.
“I barely escaped with my life.
Most
who enter aren’t that lucky.”
He gripped my shoulder.
“Percy, keep your mind on what matters most.
If
you can do that, you might find the way.
And here, I wanted to give you
something.”
He handed me a little silver tube.
It was so cold I almost dropped it.
“A whistle?”
I asked.
“A dog whistle,” Quintus said.
“For Mrs. O’Leary.”
“Um, thanks, but—”
“How will it work in the maze?
I’m not a hundred percent certain it will.
But Mrs. O’Leary is a hellhound.
She can appear when called, no matter
how far away she is.
I’d feel better knowing you had this.
If you really need
help, use it; but be careful, the whistle is made of Stygian ice.”
“What ice?”
“From the River Styx.
Very hard to craft.
Very delicate.
It cannot melt,
but it will shatter when you blow it, so you can only use it once.”
It was one of Annabeth’s half-brothers, Malcolm.
His face was bright red.
“Um, sorry,” he said.
“Archery practice is starting, Annabeth.
Chiron said to
come find you.”
I stepped away from Annabeth.
“We were just looking at maps,” I said
stupidly.
Malcolm stared at me.
“Okay.”
“Tell Chiron I’ll be right there,” Annabeth said, and Malcom left in a
hurry.
Annabeth rubbed her eyes.
“You go ahead, Percy.
I’d better get ready for
archery.”
I nodded, feeling more confused than I ever had in my life.
I wanted to
run from the cabin…but then again I didn’t.
“Annabeth?”
I said.
“About your prophecy.
The line about a hero’s last
breath—”
“You’re wondering which hero?
I don’t know.”
“No. Something else.
I was thinking the last line usually rhymes with the
one before it.
Was it something about—did it end in the word death?”
Annabeth stared down at her scrolls.
“You’d better go, Percy.
Get ready
for the quest.
I’ll—I’ll see you in the morning.”
I left her there, staring at maps that led from nowhere to nowhere; but I
couldn’t shake the feeling that one of us wasn’t going to come back from
this quest alive.
FIVE
NICO BUYS HAPPY MEALS
FOR THE DEAD
At least I got a good night’s sleep before the quest, right?
Wrong.
That night in my dreams, I was in the stateroom of the Princess
Andromeda.
The windows were open on a moonlit sea.
Cold wind rustled
the velvet drapes.
I was tempted to go wake up Annabeth and tell her, middle of the night or
not.
Then I realized the room was lighter than it should have been.
A blueand-green glow was coming from the saltwater fountain, brighter and more
urgent than the night before.
It was almost like the water was humming.
I got out of bed and approached.
No voice spoke out of the water this time, asking for a deposit.
I got the
feeling the fountain was waiting for me to make the first move.
I probably should’ve gone back to bed.
Instead I thought about what I’d
seen last night—the weird image of Nico at the banks of the River Styx.
“You’re trying to tell me something,” I said.
No response from the fountain.
“All right,” I said.
“Show me Nico di Angelo.”
I didn’t even throw a coin in, but this time it didn’t matter.
It was like
some other force had control of the water besides Iris the messenger goddess.
The water shimmered.
Nico appeared, but he was no longer in the
Underworld.
He was standing in a graveyard under a starry sky.
Giant
willow trees loomed all around him.
He was watching some gravediggers at work.
I heard shovels and saw dirt
flying out of a hole.
Nico was dressed in a black cloak.
The night was foggy.
It was warm and humid, and frogs were croaking.
A large Wal-Mart bag sat
next to Nico’s feet.
“Is it deep enough yet?”
Nico asked.
He sounded irritated.
“Nearly, my lord.”
It was the same ghost I’d seen Nico with before, the
faint shimmering image of a man.
“But, my lord, I tell you, this is
unnecessary.
You already have me for advice.”
“I want a second opinion!”
Nico snapped his fingers, and the digging
stopped.
Two figures climbed out of the hole.
They weren’t people.
They
were skeletons in ragged clothes.
“You are dismissed,” Nico said.
“Thank you.”
The skeletons collapsed into piles of bones.
“You might as well thank the shovels,” the ghost complained.
“They have
as much sense.”
Nico ignored him.
He reached into his Wal-Mart bag and pulled out a
twelve-pack of Coke.
He popped open a can.
Instead of drinking it, he
poured it into the grave.
“Let the dead taste again,” he murmured.
“Let them rise and take this
offering.
Let them remember.”
He dropped the rest of the Cokes into the grave and pulled out a white
paper bag decorated with cartoons.
I hadn’t seen one in years, but I
recognized it—a McDonald’s Happy Meal.
He turned it upside down and shook the fries and hamburger into the
grave.
“In my day, we used animal blood,” the ghost mumbled.
“It’s perfectly
good enough.
They can’t taste the difference.”
“I will treat them with respect,” Nico said.
“At least let me keep the toy,” the ghost said.
“Be quiet!”
Nico ordered.
He emptied another twelve-pack of soda and
three more Happy Meals into the grave, then began chanting in Ancient
Greek.
I caught only some of the words—a lot about the dead and memories
and returning from the grave.
Real happy stuff.
The grave started to bubble.
Frothy brown liquid rose to the top like the
whole thing was filling with soda.
The fog thickened.
The frogs stopped
croaking.
Dozens of figures began to appear among the gravestones: bluish,
vaguely human shapes.
Nico had summoned the dead with Coke and
cheeseburgers.
“There are too many,” the ghost said nervously.
“You don’t know your
own powers.”
“I’ve got it under control,” Nico said, though his voice sounded fragile.
He drew his sword—a short blade made of solid black metal.
I’d never seen
anything like it.
It wasn’t celestial bronze or steel.
Iron, maybe?
The crowd
of shades retreated at the sight of it.
“One at a time,” Nico commanded.
A single figure floated forward and knelt at the pool.
It made slurping
sounds as it drank.
Its ghostly hands scooped French fries out of the pool.
When it stood again, I could see it much more clearly—a teenage guy in
Greek armor.
He had curly hair and green eyes, a clasp shaped like a
seashell on his cloak.
“Who are you?”
Nico said.
“Speak.”
The young man frowned as if trying to remember.
Then he spoke in a
voice like dry, crumpling paper: “I am Theseus.”
No way, I thought.
This couldn’t be the Theseus.
He was just a kid.
I’d
grown up hearing stories about him fighting the Minotaur and stuff, but I’d
always pictured him as this huge, buff guy.
The ghost I was looking at
wasn’t strong or tall.
And he wasn’t any older than I was.
“How can I retrieve my sister?”
Nico asked.
Theseus’s eyes were lifeless as glass.
“Do not try.
It is madness.”
“Just tell me!”
“My stepfather died,” Theseus remembered.
“He threw himself into the
sea because he thought I was dead in the Labyrinth.
I wanted to bring him
back, but I could not.”
Nico’s ghost hissed.
“My lord, the soul exchange!
Ask him about that!”
Theseus scowled.
“That voice.
I know that voice.”
“No you don’t, fool!”
the ghost said.
“Answer the lord’s questions and
nothing more!”
“I know you,” Theseus insisted, as if struggling to recall.
“I want to hear about my sister,” Nico said.
“Will this quest into the
Labyrinth help me win her back?”
Theseus was looking for the ghost, but apparently couldn’t see him.
Slowly he turned his eyes back on Nico.
“The Labyrinth is treacherous.
There is only one thing that saw me through: the love of a mortal girl.
The
string was only part of the answer.
It was the princess who guided me.”
“We don’t need any of that,” the ghost said.
“I will guide you, my lord.
Ask him if it is true about an exchange of souls.
He will tell you.”
“A soul for a soul,” Nico asked.
“Is it true?”
“I—I must say yes.
But the specter—”
“Just answer the questions, knave!”
the ghost said.
Suddenly, around the edges of the pool, the other ghosts became restless.
They stirred, whispering in nervous tones.
“I want to see my sister!”
Nico demanded.
“Where is she?”
“He is coming,” Theseus said fearfully.
“He has sensed your summons.
He comes.”
“Who?”
Nico demanded.
“He comes to find the source of this power,” Theseus said.
“You must
release us.”
The water in my fountain began to tremble, humming with power.
I
realized the whole cabin was shaking.
The noise grew louder.
The image of
Nico in the graveyard started to glow until it was painful to watch.
“Stop,” I said out loud.
“Stop it!”
The fountain began to crack.
Tyson muttered in his sleep and turned over.
Purple light threw horrible, ghostly shadows on the cabin walls, as if the
specters were escaping right out of the fountain.
In desperation I uncapped riptide and slashed at the fountain, cleaving it
in two.
Salt water spilled everywhere, and the great stone font crashed to the
floor in pieces.
Tyson snorted and muttered, but he kept sleeping.
I sank to the ground, shivering from what I’d seen.
Tyson found me there
in the morning, still staring at the shattered remains of the saltwater fountain.
***
Just after dawn, the quest group met at Zeus’s Fist.
I’d packed my
knapsack—thermos with nectar, baggie of ambrosia, bedroll, rope, clothes,
flashlights, and lots of extra batteries.
I had Riptide in my pocket.
The magic
shield/wristwatch Tyson had made for me was on my wrist.
It was a clear morning.
The fog had burned off and the sky was blue.
Campers would be having their lessons today, flying pegasi and practicing
archery and scaling the lava wall.
Meanwhile, we could be heading
underground.
Juniper and Grover stood apart from the group.
Annabeth was doing one last check on her supply pack.
When Tyson and
I came over, she frowned.
“Percy, you look terrible.”

“He killed the water fountain last night,” Tyson confided.
“What?” she asked.
Before I could explain, Chiron trotted over.
“Well, it appears you are
ready!”
He tried to sound upbeat, but I could tell he was anxious.
I didn’t want to
freak him out any more, but I thought about last night’s dream, and before I
could change my mind, I said, “Hey, uh, Chiron, can I ask you a favor while
I’m gone?”
“Of course, my boy.”
“Be right back, guys.”
I nodded toward the woods.
Chiron asked an
eyebrow, but he followed me out of earshot.
The tunnel looked nothing like the one Annabeth and I had stumbled into
before.
Now it was round like a sewer, constructed of red brick with ironbarred portholes ever ten feet.
I shined a light through one of the portholes
out of curiosity, but I couldn’t see anything.
It opened into infinite darkness.
I thought I heard voices on the other side, but it may have been just the cold
wind.
Annabeth tried her best to guide us.
She had this idea that we should stick
to the left wall.
“If we keep one hand on the left wall and follow it,” she said, “we should
be able to find our way out again by reversing course.”
Unfortunately, as soon as she said that, the left wall disappeared.
We
found ourselves in the middle of a circular chamber with eight tunnels
leading out, and no idea how we’d gotten there.
“Um, which way did we come in?”
Grover said nervously.
“Just turn around,” Annabeth said.
We each turned toward a different tunnel.
It was ridiculous.
None of us
could decide which way led back to camp.
“Left walls are mean,” Tyson said.
“Which way now?”
Annabeth swept her flashlight beam over the archways of the eight
tunnels.
As far as I could tell, they were identical.
“That way,” she said.
“How do you know?”
I asked.
“Deductive reasoning.”
“So…you’re guessing.”
“Just come on,” she said.
The tunnel she’d chosen narrowed quickly.
The walls turned to gray
cement, and the ceiling got so low that pretty soon we were hunching over.
Tyson was forced to crawl.
“Are we there yet?”
“We’ve been down here maybe five minutes,” Annabeth told him.
“It’s been longer than that,” Grover insisted.
“And why would Pan be
down here?
This is the opposite of the wild!”
We kept shuffling forward.
Just when I was sure the tunnel would get so
narrow it would squish us, it opened into a huge room.
I shined my light
around the walls and said, “Whoa.”
The whole room was covered in mosaic tiles.
The pictures were grimy
and faded, but I could still make out the colors—red, blue, green, gold.
The
frieze showed the Olympian gods at a feast.
“It looks—”
“Roman,” Annabeth said.
“Those mosaics area bout two thousand years
old.”
“But how can they be Roman?”
I wasn’t that great on ancient history, but
I was pretty sure the Roman Empire never made it as far as Long Island.
“The Labyrinth is a patchwork,” Annabeth said.
“I told you, it’s always
expanding, adding pieces.
It’s the only work of architecture that grows by
itself.”
“You make it sound like it’s alive.”
A groaning noise echoed from the tunnel in front of us.
“Let’s not talk about it being alive,” Grover whimpered.
“Please?”
“All right,” Annabeth said.
“Forward.”
“Down the hall with the bad sounds?”
Tyson said.
Even he looked
nervous.
“Yeah,” Annabeth said.
“The architecture is getting older.
That’s a good
sign.
Daedalus’s workshop would be in the oldest part.”
That made sense.
But soon the maze was toying with us—we went fifty
feet and the tunnel turned back to cement, with brass pipes running down the
sides.
The walls were spray-painted with graffiti.
A neon tagger sign read
MOZ RULZ.
“I’m thinking this is not Roman,” I said helpfully.
Annabeth took a deep breath, then forged ahead.
Every few feet the tunnels twisted and turned and branched off.
The floor
beneath us changed from cement to mud to bricks and back again.
There was

no sense to any of it.
We stumbled into a wince cellar—a bunch of dusty
bottles in wooden racks—like we were walking through somebody’s
basement, only there was no exit above us, just more tunnels leading on.
Later the ceiling turned to wooden planks, and I could hear voices above
us and the creaking of footsteps, as if we were walking under some kind of
bar.
It was reassuring to hear people, but then again, we couldn’t get to them.
We were stuck down here with no way out.
Then we found our first skeleton.
He was dressed in white clothes, like some kind of uniform.
A wooden
crate of glass bottles sat next to him.
“A milkman,” Annabeth said.
“What?”
I asked.
“They used to deliver milk.”
“Yeah, I know what they are, but…that was when my mom was little, like
a million years ago.
What’s he doing here?”
“Some people wander in by mistake,” Annabeth said.
“Some come
exploring on purpose and never make it back.
A long time ago, the Cretans
sent people in here as human sacrifices.”
Grover gulped.
“He’s been down here a long time.”
He pointed to the
skeleton’s bottles, which were coated with white dust.
The skeleton’s fingers
were clawing at the brick wall, like he had died trying to get out.
“Only bones,” Tyson said.
“Don’t worry, goat boy.
The milkman is dead.”
“I thought maybe I was wrong.”
“We have to get deeper into the maze,” Annabeth said.
“There has to be a
way to the center.”
She led us to the right, then the left, through a corridor of stainless steel
like some kind of air shaft, and we arrived back in the Roman tile room with
the fountain.
This time, we weren’t alone.
***
What I noticed first were his faces.
Both of them.
They jutted out from
either side of his head, staring over his shoulders, so his head was much
wider than it should’ve been, kind of like a hammerhead shark’s looking

straight at him, all I saw were two overlapping ears and mirror-image
sideburns.
He was dressed like a New York City doorman: a long black overcoat,
shiny shoes, and a black top-hat that somehow managed to stay on his
double-wide head.
“Well, Annabeth?” said his left face.
“Hurry up!”
“Don’t mind him,” said the right face.
“He’s terribly rude.
Right this way,
miss.”
Annabeth’s jaw dropped.
“Uh…I don’t…”
Tyson frowned.
“That funny man has two faces.”
“The funny man has ears, you know!”
the left face scolded.
“Now come
along, miss.”
“No, no,” the right face said.
“This way, miss.
Talk to me, please.”
The two-faced man regarded Annabeth as best he could out of the corners
of his eyes.
It was impossible to look at him straight on without focusing on
one side or the other.
And suddenly I realized that’s what he was asking—he
wanted Annabeth to choose.
Behind him were two exits, blocked by wooden doors with huge iron
locks.
They hadn’t been there our first time through the room.
The two-faced
doorman held a silver key, which he kept passing from his left hand to his
right hand.
I wondered if this was a different room completely, but the frieze
of the gods looked exactly the same.
Behind us, the doorway we’d come through had disappeared, replaced by
more mosaics.
We wouldn’t be going back the way we came.
“The exits are closed,” Annabeth said.
“Duh!”
the man’s left face said.
“Where do they lead?”
she asked.
“One probably leads the way you wish to go,” the right face said
encouragingly.
“The other leads to certain death.”
“I—I know who you are,” Annabeth said.
“Oh, you’re a smart one!”
The left face sneered.
“But do you know which
way to choose?
I don’t have all day.”
“Why are you trying to confuse me?”
Annabeth asked.
The right face smiled.
“You’re in charge now, my dear.
All the decisions
are on your shoulders.
That’s what you wanted, isn’t it?”
“I—”
“We know you, Annabeth,” the left face said.
“We know what you
wrestle with every day.
We know your indecision.
You will have to make
your choice sooner or later.
And the choice may kill you.”
I didn’t know what they were talking about, but it sounded like it was
about more than a choice between doors.
The color drained out of Annabeth’s face.
“No…I don’t—”
“Leave her alone,” I said.
“Who are you, anyway?”
“I’m your best friend,” the right face said.
“I’m your worst enemy,” the left face said.
“I’m Janus,” both faces said in harmony.
“God of Doorways.
Beginnings.
Endings.
Choices.”
“I’ll see you soon enough, Perseus Jackson,” said the right face.
“But for
now it’s Annabeth’s turn.”
He laughed giddily.
“Such fun!”
“Shut up!”
his left face said.
“This is serious.
One bad choice can ruin
your whole life.
It can kill you and all of your friends.
But no pressure,
Annabeth.
Choose!”
With a sudden chill, I remembered the words of the prophecy: the child of
Athena’s final stand.
“Don’t do it,” I said.
“I’m afraid she has to,” the right face said cheerfully.
Annabeth moistened her lips.
“I—I chose—”
Before she could point to a door, a brilliant light flooded the room.
Janus raised his hands to either side of his head to cover his eyes.
When
the light died, a woman was standing at the fountain.
She was tall and graceful with long hair the color of chocolate, braided in
plaits with gold ribbons.
She wore a simple white dress, but when she moved,
the fabric shimmered with colors like oil on water.
“Janus,” she said, “are we causing trouble again?”
“N-no, milady!”
Janus’s right face stammered.
“Yes!”
the left face said.
“Shut up!”
the right face said.
“Excuse me?”
the woman asked.
“Not you, milady!
I was talking to myself.”
“I see,” the lady said.
“You know very well your visit is premature.
The
girl’s time has not yet come.
So I give you a choice: leave these heroes to me,
or I shall turn you into a door and break you down.”
“What kind of door?”
the left face asked.
“Shut up!”
the right face said.
“Because French doors are nice,” the left face mused.
“Lots of natural
light.”

“Shut up!”
the right face wailed.
“Not you, milady!
Of course I’ll leave.
I
was just having a bit of fun.
Doing my job.
Offering choices.”
“Causing indecision,” the woman corrected.
“Now be gone!”
The left face muttered, “Party power,” then he raised his silver key,
inserted it into the air, and disappeared.
The woman turned toward us, and fear closed around my heart.
Her eyes
shined with power.
Leave these heroes to me.
That didn’t sound good.
For a
second, I almost wished we could’ve taken our chances with Janus.
But then
the woman smiled.
“You must be hungry,” she said.
“Sit with me and talk.”
She waved her hand, and the old Roman fountain began to flow.
Jets of
clear water sprayed into the air.
A marble table appeared, laden with platters
of sandwiches and pitchers of lemonade.
“Who…who are you?”
I asked.
“I am Hera.”
The woman smiled.
“Queen of Heaven.”
***
I’d seen Hera once before at a Council of the Gods, but I hadn’t paid
much attention to her.
At the time I’d been surrounded by a bunch of other
gods who were debating whether or not to kill me.
I didn’t remember her looking so normal.
Of course, gods are usually
twenty feet tall when they’re on Olympus, so that makes them look a lot less
normal.
But now, Hera looked like a regular mom.
She served us sandwiches and poured lemonade.
“Grover, dear,” she said, “use your napkin.
Don’t eat it.”
“Queen Hera,” Annabeth said.
“I can’t believe it.
What are you doing in
the Labyrinth?”
Hera smiled.
She flicked one finger and Annabeth’s hair combed itself.
All the dirt and grime disappeared from her face.
“I came to see you, naturally,” the goddess said.
Grover and I exchanged nervous looks.
Usually when the gods come
looking for you, it’s not out of the goodness of their hearts.
It’s because they
want something.
Still, that didn’t keep me from chowing down on turkey-and-Swiss
sandwiches and chips and lemonade.
I hadn’t realized how hungry I was.
“But that’s not fair,” Annabeth said.
“You’re not telling me what it is!”
Hera shook her head.
“Getting something and having the wits to use
it…those are two different things.
I’m sure your mother Athena would
agree.”
The room rumbled like distant thunder.
Hera stood.
“That would be my
cue.
Think on what I have said, Annabeth.
Seek out
Hephaestus.
You will have to pass through the ranch, I imagine.
But keep
going.
And use all the means at your disposal, however common they may
seem.”
She pointed toward the two doors and they melted away, revealing twin
corridors, open and dark.
“One last thing, Annabeth.
I have postponed your
day of choice, I have not prevented it.
Soon, as Janus said, you will have to
make a decision.
Farewell!”
She waved a hand and turned into white smoke.
So did the food, just as
Tyson chomped down on a sandwich that turned to mist in his mouth.
The
fountain trickled to a stop.
The mosaic walls dimmed and turned grungy and
faded again.
The room was no longer any place you’d want to have a picnic.
Annabeth stamped her foot.
“What sort of help was that?
‘Here, have a
sandwich.
Make a wish.
Oops, I can’t help you!’
Poof!”
“Poof,” Tyson agreed sadly, looking at his empty plate.
“Well,” Grover sighed, “she said Percy knows the answer.
That’s
something.”
They all looked at me.
“But I don’t,” I said.
“I don’t know what she was talking about.”
Annabeth sighed.
“All right.
Then we’ll just keep going.”
“Which way?”
I asked.
I really wanted to ask what Hera had meant—
about the choice Annabeth needed to make.
But then Grove and Tyson both
tensed.
They stood up together like they’d rehearsed it.
“Left,” they both
said.
Annabeth frowned.
Annabeth said.
We all got on the other side of the boulder and pushed.
Whatever was
chasing us wailed in frustration as we heaved the rock back into placed and
sealed the corridor.
“We trapped it,” I said.
“I know this place,” Annabeth told me.
“This is Alcatraz.”
“You mean that island is near San Francisco?”
She nodded.
“My school took a field trip here.
It’s like a museum.”
It didn’t seem possible that we could’ve popped out of the Labyrinth on
the other side of the country, but Annabeth had been living in San Francisco
all year, keeping an eye on Mount Tamalpais just across the bay.
She
probably knew what she was talking about.
“Freeze,” Grover warned.
But Tyson kept going.
Grover grabbed his arm and pulled him back with
all his strength.
“Stop, Tyson!”
he whispered.
“Can’t you see it?”
I looked where he was pointing, and my stomach did a somersault.
On the
second-floor balcony, across the courtyard, was a monster more horrible
than anything I’d ever seen before.
It was sort of like a centaur, with a woman’s body from the waist up.
But
instead of a horse’s lower body, it had the body of a dragon—at least twenty
feet long, black and scaly with enormous claws and a barbed tail.
Her legs
looked like they were tangled in vines, but then I realized they were
sprouting snakes, hundreds of vipers darting around, constantly looking for
something to bite.
The woman’s hair was also made of snakes, like
Medusa’s.
weirdest of all, around her waist, where the woman part met the
dragon part, her skin bubbled and morphed, occasionally producing the
heads of animals—a vicious wolf, a bear, a lion, as if she were wearing a
belt of ever-changing creatures.
I got the feeling I was looking at something
half formed, a monster so old it was from the beginning of time, before
shapes had been fully defined.
“It’s her,” Tyson whimpered.
“Get down!”
Annabeth shuddered.
“I hate it when he does that.”
Like all Cyclopes, Tyson had superhuman hearing and an uncanny ability
to mimic voices.
It was almost like he entered a trance when he spoke in
other voices.
“I will not serve,” Tyson said in a deep, wounded voice.
He switched to the monster’s voice: “Then I shall enjoy your pain,
Briares.”
Tyson faltered when he said that name.
I’d never heard him break
character when he was mimicking somebody, but he let out a strangled gulp.
Then he continued in the monster’s voice.
“If you thought your first
imprisonment was unbearable, you have yet to feel true torment.
Think on
this until I return.”
The dragon lady tromped toward the stairwell, vipers hissing around her
legs like grass skirts.
She spread wings that I hadn’t noticed before—huge
bad wings she kept folded against her dragon back.
She leaped off the
catwalk and soared across the courtyard.
We crouched lower in the shadows.
A hot sulfurous wind blasted my face as the monster flew over.
Then she
disappeared around the corner.
“I guess we should check it out,” Annabeth said, “before Kampê comes
back.”
***
As we approached the cell, the weeping got louder.
When I first saw the
creature inside, I wasn’t sure what I was looking at.
He was human-size and
his skin was very pale, the color of milk.
He wore a loincloth like a big
diaper.
His feet seemed too big for his body, with cracked dirty toenails,
eight toes on each foot.
But the top half of his body was the weird part.
He
made Janus look downright normal.
His chest sprouted more arms than I
could count, in rows, all around his body.
The arms looked like normal arms,
but there were so many of them, all tangled together, that his chest looked
kind of like a forkful of spaghetti somebody had twirled together.
Several of
his hands were covering his face as he sobbed.
“Either the sky isn’t as tall as it used to be,” I muttered, “or he’s short.”
Tyson didn’t pay any attention.
He fell to his knees.
“Briares!” he called.
The sobbing stopped.
“Great Hundred-Handed One!”
Tyson said.
“Help us!”
Briars looked up.
His face was long and sad, with a crooked nose and bad
teeth.
He had deep brown eyes—I mean completely brown with no whites or
black pupils, like eyes formed out of clay.
“Run while you can, Cyclops,” Briares said miserably.
“I cannot even
help myself.”
“You are a Hundred-Handed One!”
Tyson insisted.
“You can do
anything!”
Briars wiped his nose with five or six hands.
Several others were fidgeting
with little pieces of metal and wood from a broken bed, the way Tyson
always played with spare parts.
It was amazing to watch.
The hands seemed
to have a mind of their own.
They built a toy boat out of wood, then
disassembled it just as fast.
Other hands were scratching at the cement floor
for no apparent reason.
Others were playing rock, paper, scissors.
A few
others were making ducky and doggie shadow puppets against the wall.
“I cannot,” Briares moaned.
“Kampê is back!
The Titans will rise and
throw us back into Tartarus.”
“Put on your brave face!”
Tyson said.
Immediately Briares’s face morphed into something else.
Same brown
eyes, but otherwise totally different features.
He had an upturned nose,
arched eyebrows, and a weird smile, like he was trying to act brave.
But then
his face turned back to what it had been before.
“No good,” he said.
“My scared face keeps coming back.”
“How did you do that?”
I asked.
Annabeth elbowed me.
“Don’t be rude.
The Hundred-Handed Ones all
have fifty different faces.”
“Must make it hard to get a yearbook picture,” I said.
Tyson was still entranced.
“It will be okay, Briares!
We will help you!
Can I have your autograph?”
Briares sniffled.
“Do you have one hundred pens?”
“Guys,” Grover interrupted.
“We have to get out of here.
Kampê will be
back.
She’ll sense us sooner or later.”
“Break the bars,” Annabeth said.
“Yes!”
Tyson said, smiling proudly.
“Briares can do it.
He is very strong.
Stronger than Cyclopes, even!
Watch!”
Briares whimpered.
A dozen of his hands started playing patty-cake, but
none of them made any attempt to break the bars.
“If he’s so strong,” I said, “why is he stuck in jail?”
Annabeth ribbed me again.
“He’s terrified,” she whispered.
“Kampê had
imprisoned him in Tartarus for thousands of years.
How would you feel?”
The Hundred-Handed One covered his face again.
“Briares?” Tyson asked.
“What…what is wrong?
Show us your great
strength!”
“Tyson,” Annabeth said, “I think you’d better break the bars.”
Tyson’s smile melted slowly.
“I will break the bars,” he repeated.
He grabbed the cell door and ripped it
off its hinges like it was made of wet clay.
“Come on, Briares,” Annabeth said.
“Let’s get you out of here.”
She held out her hand.
For a second, Briares’s face morphed to a hopeful
expression.
Several of his arms reached out, but twice as many slapped them
away.
“I cannot,” he said.
“She will punish me.”
“It’s all right,” Annabeth promised.
“You fought the Titans before, and
you won, remember?”
“I remember the war.”
Briares’s face morphed again—furrowed brow and
a pouting mouth.
His brooding face, I guess.
“Lightning shook the world.
We threw many rocks.
The Titans and the monsters almost won.
Now they
are getting strong again.
Kampê said so.”
“Don’t listen to her,” I said.
“Come on!”
He didn’t move.
Annabeth looked at me like I was crazy.
Briares’s face morphed to doubtful.
“I always win rock, paper, scissors.”
“Then let’s do it!”
I pounded my fist in my palm three times.
Briares did the same with all one hundred hands, which sounded like an
army marching three steps forward.
He came up with a whole avalanche of
rocks, a classroom set of scissors, and enough paper to make a fleet of
airplanes.
“I told you,” he said sadly.
“I always—” His face morphed to confusion.
“What is that you made?”
“A gun,” I told him, showing him my finger gun.
It was a trick Paul
Blofis had pulled on me, but I wasn’t going to tell him that.
“A gun beats
anything.”
“That’s not fair.”
“I didn’t say anything about fair.
Kampê’s not going to be fair if we hang
around.
She’s going to blame you for ripping off the bars.
Now come on!”
Briares sniffled.
“Demigods are cheaters.”
But he slowly rose to his feet
and followed us out of the cell.
I started to feel hopeful.
All we had to do was get downstairs and find the
Labyrinth entrance.
But then Tyson froze.
On the ground floor right below, Kampê was snarling at us.
***

“The other way,” I said.
We bolted down the catwalk.
This time Briares was happy to follow us.
In
fact he sprinted out front, a hundred arms waving in panic.
Behind us, I heard the sound of giant wings as Kampê took to the air.
She
hissed and growled in her ancient language, but I didn’t need a translation to
know she was planning to kill us.
We scrambled down the stairs, through a corridor, and past a guard’s
station—out into another block of prison cells.
“Left,” Annabeth said.
“I remember this from the tour.”
We burst outside and found ourselves in the prison yard, ringed by
security towers and barbed wire.
After being inside for so long, the daylight
almost blinded me.
Tourists were milling around, taking pictures.
The wind
whipped cold off the bay.
In the south, San Francisco gleamed all white and
beautiful, but in the north, over Mount Tamalpais, huge storm clouds swirled.
The whole sky seemed like a black top spinning from the mountain where
Atlas was imprisoned, and where the Titan palace of Mount Othrys was
rising anew.
It was hard to believe the tourists couldn’t see the supernatural
storm brewing, but they didn’t give any hint that anything was wrong.
“It’s even worse,” Annabeth said, gazing to the north.
“The storms have
been bad all year, but that—”
“Keep moving,” Briares wailed.
“She is behind us!”
We ran to the far end of the yard, as far from the cellblock as possible.
“Kampê’s too big to get through the doors,” I said hopefully.
Then the wall exploded.
Tourists screamed as Kampê appeared from the dust and rubble, her
wings spread out as wide as the yard.
She was holding two swords—long
bronze scimitars that glowed with a weird greenish aura, boiling wisps of
vapor that smelled sour and hot even across the yard.
“Poison!”
Grover yelped.
“Don’t let those things touch you or…”
“Or we’ll die?”
I guessed.
“Well…after you shrivel slowly to dust, yes.”
“Let’s avoid the swords,” I decided.
“Briares, fight!”
Tyson urged.
“Grow to full size!”
Instead, Briares looked like he was trying to shrink even smaller.
He
appeared to be wearing his absolutely terrified face.
Kampê thundered toward us on her dragon legs, hundreds of snakes
slithering around her body.
For a second I thought about drawing Riptide and facing her, but my heart
crawled into my throat.
Then Annabeth said what I was thinking: “Run.”
That was the end of the debate.
There was no fighting this thing.
We ran
through the jail yard and out the gates of the prison, the monster right behind
us.
Mortals screamed and ran.
Emergency sirens began to blare.
We hit the wharf just as a tour boat was unloading.
The new group of
visitors froze as they saw us charging toward them, followed by a mob of
frightened tourists, followed by…I don’t know what they saw through the
Mist, but it could not have been good.
“The boat?”
Grover asked.
“Too slow,” Tyson said.
“Back into the maze.
Only chance.”
“We need a diversion,” Annabeth said.
Tyson ripped a metal lamppost out of the ground.
“I will distract Kampê.
You run ahead.”
“I’ll help you,” I said.
“No,” Tyson said.
“You go.
Poison will hurt Cyclopes.
A lot of pain.
But
it won’t kill.”
“Are you sure?”
“Go, brother.
I will meet you inside.”
I hated the idea.
I’d almost lost Tyson once before, and I didn’t want to
ever risk that again.
But there was no time to argue, and I had no better idea.
Annabeth, Grover, and I each took one of Briares’s hands and dragged him
toward the concession stands while Tyson bellowed, lowered his pole, and
charged Kampê like a jousting knight.
She’d been glaring at Briares, but Tyson got her attention as soon as he
nailed her in the chest with the pole, pushing her back into the wall.
She
shrieked and slashed with her swords, slicing the pole to shreds.
poison
dripped in pools all around her, sizzling into the cement.
Tyson jumped back as Kampê’s hair lashed and hissed, and the vipers
around her legs darted their tongues in every direction.
A lion popped out of
the weird half-formed faces around her waist and roared.
As we sprinted for the cellblocks, the last thing I saw was Tyson picking
up a Dippin’
Dots stand and throwing it at Kampê.
Ice cream and poison
exploded everywhere, all the little snakes in Kampê’s hair dotted with tuttifrutti.
We dashed back into the jail yard.
“Can’t make it,” Briares huffed.
“Tyson is risking his life to help you!”
I yelled at him.
“You will make it.”
As we reached the door of the cellblock, I heard an angry roar.
I glanced
back and saw Tyson running toward us at full speed, Kampê right behind

him.
She was plastered in ice cream and T-shirts.
One of the bear heads on
her waist was now wearing a pair of crooked plastic Alcatraz sunglasses.
“Hurry!”
Annabeth said, like I needed to be told that.
We finally found the cell where we’d come in, but the back wall was
completely smooth—no sign of a boulder or anything.
“Look for the mark!”
Annabeth said.
“There!”
Grover touched a tiny scratch, and it became a Greek ∆. The
mark of Daedalus glowed blue, and the stone wall grinded open.
Too slowly.
Tyson was coming through the cellblock, Kampê’s swords
lashing out behind him, slicing indiscriminately through cell bars and stone
walls.
I pushed Briares inside the maze, then Annabeth and Grover.
“You can do it!”
I told Tyson.
But immediately I knew he couldn’t
Kampê was gaining.
She raised her swords.
I need a distraction—something
big.
I slapped my wristwatch and it spiraled into a bronze shield.
Desperately, I threw it at the monster’s face.
SMACK!
The shield hit her in the face and she faltered just long enough
for Tyson to dive past me into the maze.
I was right behind him.
Kampê charged, but she was too late.
The stone door closed and its magic
sealed us in.
I could feel the whole tunnel shake as Kampê pounded against
it, roaring furiously.
We didn’t stick around to play knock, knock with her,
though.
We raced into the darkness, and for the first time (and the last)
I was
glad to be back in the Labyrinth.
EIGHT
WE VISIT THE DEMON
DUDE RANCH
We finally stopped in a room full of waterfalls.
The floor was one big pit,
ringed by a slippery stone walkway.
Around us, on all four walls, water
tumbled from huge pipes.
The water spilled down into the pit, and even
when I shined a light, I couldn’t see the bottom.
Briares slumped against the wall.
He scooped up water in a dozen hands
and washed his face.
“This pit goes straight to Tartarus,” he murmured.
“I
should jump in and save you trouble.”
“Don’t talk that way,” Annabeth told him.
“You can come back to camp
with us.
You can help us prepare.
You know more about fighting Titans than
anybody.”
“I have nothing to offer,” Briares said.
“I have lost everything.”
“What about your brothers?”
Tyson asked.
“The other two must stand tall
as mountains!
We can take you to them.”
Briares’s expression morphed to something even sadder: his grieving face.
“They are no more.
They faded.”
The waterfalls thundered.
Tyson stared into the pit and blinked tears out
of his eye.
“What exactly do you mean, they faded?”
I asked.
“I thought monsters
were immortal, like the gods.”
“Percy,” Grover said weakly, “even immortality has limits.
Sometimes…sometimes monsters get forgotten and they lose their will to
stay immortal.”
Looking at Grover’s face, I wondered if he was thinking of Pan.
I
remembered something Medusa had told us once: how her sisters, the other
two gorgons, had passed on and left her alone.
Then last year Apollo said
something about the old god Helios disappearing and leaving him with the
duties of the sun god.
I’d never thought about it too much, but now, looking
at Briares, I realized how terrible it would be to be so old—thousands and
thousands of years old—and totally alone.
“I must go,” Briares said.
“Kronos’s army will invade camp,” Tyson said.
“We need help.”
Briares hung his head.
“I cannot, Cyclops.”
“You are strong.”
“Not anymore.”
Briares rose.
“Hey,” I grabbed one of his arms and pulled him aside, where the roar of
the water would hide our words.
“Briares, we need you.
In case you haven’t
noticed, Tyson believes in you.
He risked his life for you.”
It had to be an older part of the maze, and Annabeth decided this
was a good sign.
“We must be close to Daedalus’s workshop,” she said.
“Get some rest,
everybody.
We’ll keep going in the morning.”
“How do we know when it’s morning?”
Grover asked.
“Just rest,” she insisted.
Grover didn’t need to be told twice.
He pulled a heap of straw out of his
pack, ate some of it, made a pillow out of the rest, and was snoring in no
time.
Tyson took longer getting to sleep.
He tinkered with some metal scraps
from his building kit for a while, but whatever he was making, he wasn’t
happy with it.
He kept disassembling the pieces.
“I’m sorry I lost the shield,” I told him.
“You worked so hard to repair it.”
Tyson looked up.
His eye was bloodshot from crying.
“Do not worry,
brother.
You saved me.
You wouldn’t have had to if Briares had helped.”
“He was just scared,” I said.
“I’m sure he’ll get over it.”
“He is not strong,” Tyson said.
“He is not important anymore.”
He heaved a big sad sigh, then closed his eye.
The metal pieces fell out of
his hand, still unassembled, and Tyson began to snore.
I tried to fall asleep myself, but I couldn’t.
something about getting chased
by a large dragon lady with poison swords made it real hard to relax.
I
picked up my bedroll and dragged it over to where Annabeth was sitting,
keeping watch.
I sat down next to her.
“You should sleep,” she said.
“Can’t.
You doing all right?”
“Sure.
First day leading the quest.
Just great.”
“We’ll get there,” I said.
Annabeth was quiet for a long time.
“Percy, I hope you’re wrong.
But if
you’re right…” she stared at the flashlight beam, casting a dim circle on the
stone wall.
I had a feeling she was thinking about her prophecy.
I’d never
seen her look more tired.
“How about I take first watch?”
I said.
“I’ll wake you if anything
happens.”
Annabeth looked like she wanted to protest, but she just nodded, slumped
into her bedroll, and closed her eyes.
***
When it was my turn to sleep, I dreamed I was back in the old man’s
Labyrinth prison.
It looked more like a workshop now.
Tables were littered with measuring
instruments.
A forge burned red hot in the corner.
The boy I’d seen in the
last dream was stoking the bellows, except he was taller now, almost my age.
A weird funnel device was attached to the forge’s chimney, trapping the
smoke and heat and channeling it through a pipe into the floor, next to a big
bronze manhole cover.
It was daytime.
The sky above was blue, but the walls of the maze cast
deep shadows across the workshop.
After being in tunnels so long, i found it
weird that part of the Labyrinth could be open to the sky.
Somehow that
made the maze seem like even a crueler place.
The old man looked sickly.
He was terribly thin, his hands raw and red
from working.
White hair covered his eyes, and his tunic was smudged with
grease.
He was bent over a table, working on some kind of long metal
patchwork—like a swath of chain mail.
He picked up a delicate curl of
bronze and fitted it into place.
“Done,” he announced.
“It’s done.”
He picked up his project.
It was so beautiful, my heart leaped—metal
wings constructed from thousands of interlocking bronze feathers.
There
were two sets.
One still lay on the table.
Daedalus stretched the frame, and
the wings expanded twenty feet.
Part of me knew it could never fly.
It was
too heavy, and there’d be no way to get off the ground.
But the
craftsmanship was amazing.
Metal feathers caught the light and flashed
thirty different shades of gold.
The boy left the bellows and ran over to see.
He grinned, despite the fact
that he was grimy and sweaty.
“Father, you’re a genius!”
The old man smiled.
“Tell me something I don’t know, Icarus.
Now hurry.
It will take at least an hour to attach them.
Come.”
“You first,” Icarus said.
The old man protested, but Icarus insisted.
“You made them, Father.
You
should get the honor of wearing them first.”
The boy attached a leather harness to his father’s chest, like climbing gear,
with straps that ran from his shoulders to his wrists.
Then he began fastening
on the wings, using a metal canister that looked like an enormous hot-glue
gun.
“The wax compound should hold for several hours,” Daedalus said
nervously as his son worked.
“But we must let it set first.
And we would do
well to avoid flying too high or too low.
The sea would wet the wax seals—”
“And the sun’s heat would loosen them,” the boy finished.
“Yes, Father.
We’ve been through this a million times!”
“One cannot be too careful.”
“I have complete faith in your inventions, Father!
No one has ever been as
smart as you.”
The old man’s eyes shone.
It was obvious he loved his son more than
anything in the world.
“Now I will do your wings, and give mine a chance to
set properly.
Come!”
It was slow going.
The old man’s hands fumbled with the straps.
He had a
hard time keeping the wings in position while he sealed them.
His own metal
wings seemed to weigh him down, getting in his way while he tried to work.
“Too slow,” the old man muttered.
“I am too slow.”

“Take your time, Father,” the boy said.
“The guards aren’t due until—”
BOOM!
The workshop doors shuddered.
Daedalus had barred them from the
inside with a wooden brace, but still they shook on their hinges.
“Hurry!”
Icarus said.
BOOM!
BOOM!
Something heavy was slamming into the doors.
The brace held, but a
crack appeared in the left door.
Daedalus worked furiously.
A drop of hot wax spilled onto Icarus’s
shoulder.
The boy winced but did not cry out.
When his left wing was sealed
into the straps, Daedalus began working on the right.
“We must have more time,” Daedalus murmured.
“They are too early!
We
need more time for the seal to hold.”
“It’ll be fine,” Icarus said, as his father finished the right wing.
“Help me
with the manhole—”
CRASH!
The doors splintered and the head of a bronze battering ram
emerged through the breach.
Axes cleared the debris, and two armed guards
entered the room, followed by the king with the golden crown and the spearshaped beard.
“Well, well,” the king said with a cruel smile.
“Going somewhere?”
Daedalus and his son froze, their metal wings glimmering on their backs.
“We’re leaving, Minos,” the old man said.
King Minos chuckled.
“I was curious to see how far you’d get on this
little project before I dashed your hopes.
I must say I’m impressed.”
The king admired their wings.
“You look like metal chickens,” he decided.
“Perhaps we should pluck you and make a soup.”
The guards laughed stupidly.
“Metal chickens,” one repeated.
“Soup.”
“Shut up,” the king said.
Then he turned again to Daedalus.
“You let my
daughter escape, old man.
You drove my wife to madness.
You killed my
monster and made me the laughingstock of the Mediterranean.
You will
never escape me!”
Icarus grabbed the wax gun and sprayed it at the king, who stepped back
in surprise.
The guards rushed forward, but each got a stream of hot wax in
his face.
“The vent!”
Icarus yelled to his father.
“Get them!”
King Minos raged.
Together, the old man and his son pried open the manhole cover, and a
column of hot air blasted out of the ground.
The king watched, incredulous,
as the inventor and son shot into the sky on their bronze wings, carried by
the updraft.
“Shoot them!”
the king yelled, but his guards had brought no bows.
One
threw his sword in desperation, but Daedalus and Icarus were already out of
reach.
They wheeled above the maze and the king’s palace, then zoomed
across the city of Knossos and out past the rocky shores of Crete.
Icarus laughed.
“Free, Father!
You did it.”
The boy spread his wings to their full limit and soared away on the wind.
“Wait!”
Daedalus called.
“Be careful!”
But Icarus was already out over the open sea, heading north and
delighting in their good luck.
He soared up and scared an eagle out of its
flight path, then plummeted toward the sea like he was born to fly, pulling
out of a nosedive at the last second.
His sandals skimmed the waves.
“Stop that!”
Daedalus called.
But the wind carried his voice away.
His son
was drunk on his own freedom.
The old man struggled to catch up, gliding clumsily after his son.
They were miles from Crete, over deep sea, when Icarus looked back and
saw his father’s worried expression.
Icarus smiled.
“Don’t worry, Father!
You’re a genius!
I trust your
handiwork—”
The first metal feather shook loose from his wings and fluttered away.
Then another.
Icarus wabbled in midair.
Suddenly he was shedding bronze
feathers, which twirled away from him like a flock of frightened birds.
“Icarus!”
his father cried.
“Glide!
Extend the wings.
Stay as still as
possible!”
But Icarus flapped his arms, desperately trying to reassert control.
The left wing went first—ripping away from the straps.
“Father!”
Icarus cried.
And then he fell, the wings stripped away until he
was just a boy in a climbing harness and a white tunic, his arms extended in
a useless attempt to glide.
I woke with a start, feeling like I was falling.
The corridor was dark.
In
the constant moaning of the Labyrinth, I thought I could hear the anguished
cry of Daedalus calling his son’s name, as Icarus, his only joy, plummeted
toward the sea, three hundred feet below.
***

There was no morning in the maze, but once everyone woke up and had a
fabulous breakfast of granola bars and juice boxes, we kept traveling.
I
didn’t mention my dream.
Something about it had really freaked me out, and
I didn’t think the others needed to know that.
The old stone tunnels changed to dirt with cedar beams, like a gold mine
or something.
Annabeth started getting agitated.
“This isn’t right,” she said.
“It should still be stone.”
We came to a cave where stalactites hung low from the ceiling.
In the
center of the dirt floor was a rectangular pit, like a grave.
Grover shivered.
“It smells like the Underworld in here.”
Then I saw something glinting at the edge of the pit—a foil wrapper.
I
shined my flashlight into the hole and saw a half-chewed cheeseburger
floating in brown carbonated muck.
“Nico,” I said.
“He was summoning the dead again.”
Tyson whimpered.
“Ghosts were here.
I don’t like ghosts.”
“We’ve got to find him.”
I don’t know why, but standing at the edge of
that pit gave me a sense of urgency.
Nico was close, I could feel it.
I
couldn’t let him wander around down here, alone except for the dead.
I
started to run.
“Percy!”
Annabeth called.
I ducked into a tunnel and saw light up ahead.
I turned to Annabeth.
“Didn’t Hera say something about a ranch?
We
need to check it out.
Nico might be there.”
She hesitated.
“All right.
But how do we get out?”

Tyson solved that problem by hitting the cattle guard with both hands.
It
popped off and went flying out of sight.
We heard a CLANG!
and a startled
Moo! Tyson blushed.
“Sorry, cow!”
he called.
Then he gave us a boost out of the tunnel.
We were on a ranch, all right.
Rolling hills stretched to the horizon, dotted
with oak trees and cactuses and boulders.
A barbed wire fence ran from the
gate in either direction.
Cherry-colored cows roamed around, grazing on
clumps of grass.
“Red cattle,” Annabeth said.
“The cattle of the sun.”
“What?” I asked.
“They’re sacred to Apollo.”
“Holy cows?”
“Exactly.
“Cattle rustlers?”
“Just travelers,” Annabeth said.
“We’re on a quest.”
The man’s eye twitched.
“Half-bloods, eh?”
I started to say, “How did you know—”
Annabeth put her hand on my arm.
“I’m Annabeth, daughter of Athena.
This is Percy, son of Poseidon.
Grover the satyr.
Tyson the—”
“Cyclops,” the man finished.
“Yes, I can see that.”
He glowered at me.
“And I know half-bloods because I am one, sonny.
I’m Eurytion, the
cowherd for this here ranch.
Son of Ares.
You came through the Labyrinth
like the other one, I reckon.”
“The other one?”
I asked.
“You mean Nico di Angelo?”
“We get a load of visitors from the Labyrinth,” Eurytion said darkly.
“Not
many ever leave.”
“Wow,” I said.
“I feel welcome.”
The cowherd glanced bend him like someone was watching.
Then he
lowered his voice.
“I’m only going to say this once, demigods.
Get back in
the maze now.
Before it’s too late.”
“We’re not leaving,” Annabeth insisted.
“Not until we see this other
demigod.
Please.”
Eurytion grunted.
“Then you leave me no choice, missy.
I’ve got to take
you to the boss.”
***
I didn’t’ feel like we were hostages or anything.
Eurytion walked
alongside us with his club across his shoulder.
Orthus the two-headed dog
growled a lot and sniffed at Grover’s legs and shot into the bushes once in a
while to chase animals, but Eurytion kept him more or less under control.
We walked down a dirt path that seemed to go on forever.
It must’ve been
close to a hundred degrees, which was a shock after San Francisco.
Heat
shimmered off the ground.
Insects buzzed in the trees.
Before we’d gone
very far, i was sweating like crazy.
Flies swarmed us.
Every so often we’d
see a pen full of red cows or even stranger animals.
Once we passed a corral
where the fence was coated in asbestos.
Inside, a herd of fire-breathing
horses milled around.
The hay in their feeding trough was on fire.
The
ground smoked around their feet, but the horses seemed tame enough.
One
big stallion looked at me and whinnied, columns of red flame billowing out
his nostrils.
I wondered if it hurt his sinuses.
“What are they for?”
I asked.
Eurytion scowled.
“We raise animals for lots of clients.
Apollo, Diomedes,
and…others.”

“Like who?”
“No more questions.”
Finally we came out of the woods.
Perched on a hill above us was a big
ranch house—all white stone and wood and big windows.
“It looks like a Frank Lloyd Wright!”
Annabeth said.
I guess she was talking about some architectural thing.
To me it just
looked like the kind of place where a few demigods could get into serious
trouble.
We hiked up the hill.
“Don’t break the rules,” Eurytion warned as we walked up the steps to the
front porch.
“No fighting.
No drawing weapons.
And don’t make any
comments about the boss’s appearance.”
“Why?”
I asked.
“What does he look like?”
Before Eurytion could reply, a new voice said, “Welcome to the Triple G
Ranch.”
The man on the porch had a normal head, which was a relief.
His face was
weathered and brown from years in the sun.
He had a slick black hair and a
black pencil moustache like villains have in old movies.
He smiled at us, but
the smile wasn’t friendly; more amused, like Oh boy, more people to torture!
I didn’t ponder that very long, though, because then I noticed his
body…or bodies.
He had three of them.
Now you’d think I would’ve gotten
used to weird anatomy after Janus and Briares, but this guy was three
complete people.
His neck connected to the middle chest like normal, but he
had two more chests, one to either side, connected at the shoulders, with a
few inches between.
His left arm grew out of his left chest, and the same on
the right, so he had two arms, but four armpits, if that makes any sense.
The
chests all connected into one enormous torso, with two regular but very
beefy legs, and he wore the most oversized pair of Levis I’d ever seen.
His
chests each wore a different color Western shirt—green, yellow, red, like a
stoplight.
I wondered how he dressed the middle chest, since it had no arms.
The cowherd Eurytion nudged me.
“Say Hello to Mr. Geryon.”
“Hi,” I said.
“Nice chests—uh, ranch!
Nice ranch you have.”
Before the three-bodied man could respond, Nico di Angelo came out of
the glass doors onto the porch.
“Geryon, I won’t wait for—”
He froze when he saw us.
Then he drew his sword.
The blade was just
like I’d seen in my dream; short, sharp, and dark as midnight.
Geryon snarled when he saw it.
“Put that away, Mr. di Angelo.
I ain’t
gonna have my guests killin’ each other.”
“But that’s—”

“Percy Jackson,” Geryon supplied.
“Annabeth Chase.
And a couple of
their monster friends.
Yes, I know.”
“Monster friends?”
Grover said indignantly.
“That man is wearing three shirts,” Tyson said, like he was just realizing
this.
“They let my sister die!”
Nico’s voice trembled with rage.
“They’re here
to kill me!”
“Nico, we’re not here to kill you.”
I raised my hands.
“What happened to
Bianca was—”
“Don’t speak her name!
You’re not worthy to even talk about her!”
“Wait a minute,” Annabeth pointed at Geryon.
“How do you know our
names?”
The three-bodied man winked.
“I make it my business to keep informed,
darlin’.
Everybody pops into the ranch from time to time.
Everyone needs
something from ole Geryon.
Now, Mr. di Angelo, put that ugly sword away
before I have Eurytion take it form you.”
Eurytion sighed, but he hefted his spiked club.
At his feet, Orthus growled.
Nico hesitated.
He looked thinner and paler than he had in the Irismessages.
I wondered if he’d eaten in the last week.
His black clothes were
dusty from traveling in the Labyrinth, and his dark eyes were full of hate.
He
was too young to look so angry.
I still remembered him as the cheerful little
kid who played with Mythomagic cards.
Reluctantly, he sheathed his sword.
“If you come near me, Percy, I’ll
summon help.
You don’t want to meet my helpers, I promise.”
“I believe you,” I said.
Geryon patted Nico’s shoulder.
“There, we’ve all made nice.
Now come
along, folks.
I want to give you a tour of the ranch.”
***
Geryon had a trolley thing—like one of those kiddie trains that take you
around zoos.
It was painted black and white in a cowhide pattern.
The
driver’s car had a set of longhorns stuck to the hood, and the horn sounded
like a cowbell.
I figured maybe this was how he tortured people.
He
embarrassed them to death riding around in the moo-mobile.
Nico sat in the very back, probably so he could keep an eye on us.
Eurytion crawled in next to him with his spiked club and pulled his cowboy
hat over his eyes like he was going to take a nap.
Orthus jumped in the front
seat next to Geryon and began barking happily in two-part harmony.
Annabeth, Tyson, Grover, and I took the middle two cars.
“We have a huge operation!”
Geryon boasted as the moo-mobile lurched
forward.
“Horses and cattle mostly, but all sorts of exotic varieties, too.”
We came over a hill, and Annabeth gasped.
“Hippalektryons?
I thought
they were extinct!”
At the bottom of the hill was a fenced-in pasture with a dozen of the
weirdest animals I’d ever seen.
Each had the front half of a horse and the
back half of a rooster.
Their rear feet were huge yellow claws.
They had
feathery tails and red wings.
As I watched, two of them got in a fight over a
pile of seed.
They reared up on their wings at each other until the smaller
one galloped away, its rear bird legs putting a little hop in its step.
“Rooster ponies,” Tyson said in amazement.
“Do they lay eggs?”
“Once a year!”
Geryon grinned in the rearview mirror.
“Very much in
demand for omelettes!”
“That’s horrible!”
Annabeth said.
“They must be an endangered species!”
Geryon waved his hand.
“Gold is gold, darling.
And you haven’t tasted
the omelettes.”
Annabeth said.
“Lots of poop,” Tyson observed.
“How can you keep animals like that?”
Grover cried.
“Y’all getting’ on my nerves,” Geryon said.
“These are flesh-eating
horses, see?
They like these conditions.”
“Plus, you’re too cheap to have them cleaned,” Eurytion mumbled from
under his hat.
“Quiet!”
Geryon snapped.
“All right, perhaps the stables are a bit
challenging to clean.
Perhaps they do make me nauseous when the wind
blows the wrong way.
But so what?
My clients still pay me well.”
“What clients?”
I demanded.
“Oh, you’d be surprised how many people will pay for a flesh-eating
horse.
They make great garbage disposals.
Wonderful way to terrify your
enemies.
Great at birthday parties!
We rent them out all the time.”
“You’re a monster,” Annabeth decided.
Geryon stopped the moo-mobile and turned to look at her.
“What gave it
away?
“And the clients you keep talking about,” Annabeth said.
“You work for
Kronos, don’t you?
You’re supplying his army with horses, food, whatever
they need.”
Geryon shrugged, which was very weird since he had three sets of
shoulders.
It looked like he was doing the wave all by himself.
“I work for
anyone with gold, young lady.
I’m a businessman.
And I sell them anything
I have to offer.”
He climbed out of the moo-mobile and strolled toward the stables as if
enjoying the fresh air.
It would’ve been a nice view, with the river and the
trees and hills and all, except for the quagmire of horse muck.
Nico got out of the back car and stormed over to Geryon.
The cowherd
Eurytion wasn’t as sleepy as he looked.
He hefted his club and walked after
Nico.
“I came here for business, Geryon,” Nico said.
“And you haven’t
answered me.”
“Mmm.”
Geryon examined a cactus.
His left arm reached over and
scratched his middle-chest.
“Yes, you’ll get a deal, all right.”
“My ghost told me you could help.
He said you could guide us to the soul
we need.”
“Wait a second,” I said.
“I thought I was the soul you wanted.”
Nico looked at me like I was crazy.
“You?
Why would I want you?
Bianca’s soul is worth a thousand of yours!
Now, can you help me, Geryon,
or not?”
“Oh, I imagine I could,” the rancher said.
“Your ghost friend, by the way,
where is he?”
Nico looked uneasy.
“He can’t form in broad daylight.
It’s hard for him.
But he’s around somewhere.”
Geryon smiled.
“I’m sure.
Minos likes to disappear when things
get…difficult.”
“Minos?”
I remembered the man I’d seen in my dreams, with the golden
crown, the pointed beard, and the cruel eyes.
“You mean that evil king?
That’s the ghost who’s been giving you advice?”
“It’s none of your business, Percy!”
Nico turned back to Geryon.
“And
what do you mean about things getting difficult?”
The three-bodied man sighed.
“Well, you see, Nico—can I call you
Nico?”

“No.”
“You see, Nico, Luke Castellan is offering very good money for halfbloods.
Especially powerful half-bloods.
And I’m sure when he learns your
little secret, who you really are, he’ll pay very, very well indeed.”
Nico drew his sword, but Eurytion knocked it out of his hand.
Before I
could get up, Orthus pounced on my chest and growled, his faces an inch
away from mine.
“I would stay in the car, all of you,” Geryon warned.
“Or Orthus will tear
Mr. Jackson’s throat out.
Now, Eurytion, if you would be so kind, secure
Nico.”
The cowherd spit into the grass.
“Do I have to?”
“Yes, you fool!”
Eurytion looked bored, but he wrapped one huge arm around Nico and
lifted him up like a wrestler.
“Pick up the sword, too,” Geryon said with distaste.
“There’s nothing I
hate worse than Stygian Iron.”
Eurytion picked up the sword, careful not to touch the blade.
“Now,” Geryon said cheerfully, “we’ve had the tour.
Let’s go back to the
lodge, have some lunch, and send an Iris-message to our friends in the Titan
army.”
“You fiend!”
Annabeth cried.
Geryon smiled at her.
“Don’t worry, my dear.
Once I’ve delivered Mr. di
Angelo, you and your party can go.
I don’t interfere with quests.
Besides,
I’ve been paid well to give you safe passage, which does not, I’m afraid,
include Mr. di Angelo.
“Paid by whom?”
Annabeth said.
“What do you mean?”
“Never you mind, darlin’.
Let’s be off, shall we?”
“Wait!”
I said, and Orthus growled.
I stayed perfectly still so he wouldn’t
tear my throat out.
“Geryon, you said you’re a businessman.
Make me a
deal.”
Geryon narrowed his eyes.
“What sort of deal?
Do you have gold?”
“I’ve got something better.
Barter.”
“But Mr. Jackson, you’ve got nothing.”
“You could have him clean the stables,” Eurytion suggested innocently.
“I’ll do it!”
I said.
“If I fail, you get all of us.
He whistled,
and the dog jumped off me and onto Annabeth’s lap.
She yelped.
I knew
Tyson and grover would never try anything as long as Annabeth was hostage.
I got out of the car and locked eyes with her.
“I hope you know what you’re doing,” she said quietly.
“I hope so, too.”
Geryon got behind the driver’s wheel.
Eurytion hauled Nico into the
backseat.
“Sunset,” Geryon reminded me.
“No later.”
He laughed at me once more, sounded his cowbell horn, and the moomobile rumbled off down the trail.
NINE
I SCOOP POOP
I lost hope when I saw the horses’ teeth.
As I got closer to the fence, I held my shirt over my nose to block the
smell.
One stallion waded through the muck and whinnied angrily at me.
He
bared his teeth, which were pointed like a bear’s.
I tried to talk to him in my mind.
I can do that with most horses.
Hi, I told him.
I’m going to clean your stables.
Won’t that be great?
Yes!
The horse said.
Come inside!
Eat you!
Tasty half-blood!
But I’m Poseidon’s son, I protested.
He created horses.
Usually this gets me VIP treatment in the equestrian world, but not this
time.
Yes!
The horse agreed enthusiastically.
Poseidon can come in, too!
We
will eat you both!
Seafood!
Seafood!
The other horses chimed in as they waded through the field.
Flies were buzzing everywhere, and the heat of the day didn’t make the
smell any better.
I’d had some idea that I could do this challenge, because I
remembered how Hercules had done it.
He’d channeled a river into the
stables and cleaned them out that way.
I figured I could maybe control the
water.
But if I couldn’t get close to the horses without getting eaten, that was
a problem.
And the river was downhill from the stables, a lot farther away
than I’d realized, almost half a mile.
The problem of the poop looked a lot
bigger up close.
I picked up a rusted shovel and experimentally scooped
some away from the fence line.
Great.
Only four billion shovelfuls to go.
The sun was already sinking.
I had a few hours at best.
I decided the river
was my only hope.
At least it would be easier to think at the riverside than it
was here.
I set off downhill.
***
When I got to the river, I found a girl waiting for me.
She was wearing
jeans and a green T-shirt and her long brown hair was braided with river
grass.
She had a stern look on her face.
Her arms were crossed.
“Oh no you don’t,” she said.
I stared at her.
“Are you a naiad?”
She rolled her eyes.
“Of course!”
“But you speak English.
And you’re out of the water.”
“What, you don’t think we can act human if we want to?”
I’d never thought about it.
I kind of felt stupid, though, because I’d seen
plenty of naiads at camp, and they’d never done much more than giggle and
wave at me from the bottom of the canoe lake.
“Look,” I said.
“I just came to ask—”
“I know who you are,” she said.
“And I know what you want.
And the
answer is no!
I’m not going to have my river used again to clean that filthy
stable.”
“But—”
“Oh, save it, sea boy.
You ocean-god types always think you’re soooo
much more important than some little river, don’t you?
And then I saw my friends: Tyson, Grover, Annabeth, and Nico all
tossed in a corner, tied up like rodeo animals, with their ankles and wrists
roped together and their mouths gagged.
“Let them go!”
I yelled, still out of breath from running up the steps.
“I
cleaned the stables!”
Geryon turned.
He wore an apron on each chest, with one word on each,
so together they spelled out: KISS—THE—CHEF.
“Did you, now?
How’d
you manage it?”
I was pretty impatient, but I told him.
He nodded appreciatively.
“Very ingenious.
It would’ve been better if
you’d poisoned that pesky naiad, but no matter.”
“Let my friends go,” I said.
“We had a deal.”
“Ah, I’ve been thinking about that.
The problem is, if I let them go, I
don’t get paid.”
“You promised!”
Geryon made a tsk-tsk noise.
“But did you make me swear on the River
Styx?
No you didn’t.
So it’s not binding.
When you’re conducting business,
sonny, you should always get a binding oath.”
I drew my sword.
Orthus growled.
One head leaned down next to
Grover’s ear and bared its fangs.
“Eurytion,” Geryon said, “the boy is starting to annoy me.
Kill him.”
Eurytion studied me.
I didn’t like my odds against him and that huge club.
“Kill him yourself,” Eurytion said.
Geryon raised his eyebrows.
“Excuse me?”

“You heard me,” Eurytion grumbled.
“You keep sending me out to do
your dirty work.
You pick fights for no good reason, and I’m getting tired of
dying for you.
You want to fight the kid, do it yourself.”
It was the most un-Areslike thing I’d ever heard son of Ares say.
Geryon threw down his spatula.
“You dare defy me?
I should fire you
right now!”
“And who’d take care of your cattle?
Orthus, heel.”
The dog immediately stopped growling at Grover and came to sit by the
cowherd’s feet.
“Fine!”
Geryon snarled.
“I’ll deal with you later, after the boy is dead!”
He picked up two carving knives and threw them at me.
I deflected one
with my sword.
The other impaled itself in the picnic table an inch from
Eurytion’s hand.
I went on the attack.
Geryon parried my first strike with a pair of red-hot
tongs and lunged at my face with a barbecue fork.
I got inside his next thrust
and stabbed him right through the middle chest.
“Aghhh!”
He crumpled to his knees.
I waited for him to disintegrate, the
way monsters usually do.
But instead he just grimaced and started to stand
up.
The wound in his chef’s apron started to heal.
“Nice try, sonny,” he said.
“Thing is, I have three hearts.
The perfect
backup system.”
He tipped over the barbecue, and coals spilled everywhere.
One landed
next to Annabeth’s face, and she let out a muffled scream.
Tyson strained
against his bonds, but even his strength wasn’t enough to break them.
I had
to end this fight before my friends got hurt.
I jabbed Geryon in the left chest, but he only laughed.
I stuck him in the
right stomach.
No good.
I might as well have been sticking a sword in a
teddy bear for all the reaction he showed.
Three hearts.
The perfect backup system.
Stabbing one at a time was no
good….
I ran into the house.
“Coward!” he cried.
“Come back and die right!”
The living room walls were decorated with a bunch of gruesome hunting
trophies—stuffed deer and dragon heads, a gun case, a sword display, and a
bow with a quiver.
Geryon threw his barbecue fork, and it thudded into the wall right next to
my head.
He drew two swords from the wall display.
“Your head’s gonna go
right there, Jackson!
Next to the grizzly bear!”
I had a crazy idea.
I dropped Riptide and grabbed the bow off the wall.
I was the worst archery shot in the world.
I couldn’t hit the targets at camp,
much less a bull’s eye.
But I had no choice.
I couldn’t win this fight with a
sword.
I prayed to Artemis and Apollo, the twin archers, hoping they might
take pity on me for once.
Please, guys.
Just one shot.
Please.
I notched an arrow.
Geryon laughed.
“You fool!
One arrow is no better than one sword.”
He raised his swords and charged.
I dove sideways.
Before he could turn,
I shot my arrow into the side of his right chest.
I heard THUMP, THUMP,
THUMP, as the arrow passed clean through each of his chests and flew out
his left side, embedding itself in the forehead of the grizzly bear trophy.
Geryon dropped his swords.
He turned and stared at me.
“You can’t shoot.
They told me you couldn’t…”
His face turned a sickly shade of green.
He collapsed to his knees and
began crumbling into sand, until all that was left were three cooking aprons
and an oversized pair of cowboy boots.
***
I got my friends untied.
Eurytion didn’t try to stop me.
Then I stoked up
the barbecue and threw the food into the flames as a burnt offering for
Artemis and Apollo.
“Thanks, guys,” I said.
“I owe you one.”
The sky thundered in the distance, so I figured maybe the burgers smelled
okay.
“Yay for Percy!”
Tyson said.
“Can we tie up this cowherd now?”
Nico asked.
“Yeah!”
Grover agreed.
“And that dog almost killed me!”
I looked at Eurytion, who still was sitting relaxed at the picnic table.
Orthus had both his heads on the cowherd’s knees.
“How long will it take Geryon to re-form?”
I asked him.
Eurytion shrugged.
“Hundred years?
He’s not one of those fast re-formers,
thank the gods.
You’ve done me a favor.”
“You said you’d died for him before,” I remembered.
“How?”
“I’ve worked for that creep for thousands of years.
Started as a regular
half-blood, but I chose immortality when my dad offered it.
Worst mistake I
ever made.
Now I’m stuck here at this ranch.
I can’t leave.
I can’t quit.
I just
tend the cows and fight Geryon’s fights.
We’re kinda tied together.”
“Maybe you can change things,” I said.
Eurytion narrowed his eyes.
“How?”
“Be nice to the animals.
Take care of them.
Stop selling them for food.
And stop dealing with the Titans.”
Eurytion thought about that.
“That’d be all right.”
“Get the animals on your side, and they’ll help you.
Once Geryon gets
back, maybe he’ll be working for you this time.”
Eurytion grinned.
“Now, that I could live with.”
“You won’t try to stop us leaving?”
“Shoot, no.”
Annabeth rubbed her bruised wrists.
She was still looking at Eurytion
suspiciously.
“Your boss said somebody paid for our safe passage.
Who?”
The cowherd shrugged.
“Maybe he was just saying that to fool you.”
“What about the Titans?”
I asked.
“Did you Iris-message them about Nico
yet?”
“Nope.
Geryon was waiting until after the barbecue.
They don’t know
about him.”
Nico as glaring at me.
I wasn’t sure what to do about him.
I doubted he
would agree to come with us.
On the other hand, I couldn’t just let him roam
around on his own.
“You could stay here until we’re done with our quest,” I told him.
“It
would be safe.”
“Safe?”
Nico said.
“What do you care if I’m safe?
You got my sister
killed!”
“Nico,” Annabeth said, “that wasn’t Percy’s fault.
And Geryon wasn’t
lying about Kronos wanting to capture you.
If he knew who you were, he’d
do anything to get you on his side.”
“I’m not on anyone’s side.
And I’m not afraid.”
“You should be,” Annabeth said.
“Your sister wouldn’t want—”
“If you cared for my sister, you’d help me bring her back!”
“A soul for a soul?”
I said.
“Yes!”
“But if you didn’t want my soul—”
“I’m not explaining anything to you!”
He blinked tears out of his eyes.
“And I will bring her back.”
“Bianca wouldn’t want to be brought back,” I said.
“Not like that.”
“You didn’t know her!”
he shouted.
“How do you know what she’d
want?”

I stared at the flames in the barbecue pit.
I thought about the line in
Annabeth’s prophecy: You shall rise or fall by the ghost king’s hand.
That
had to be Minos, and I had to convince Nico not to listen to him.
“Let’s ask
Bianca.”
The sky seemed to grow darker all of a sudden.
“I’ve tried,” Nico said miserably.
“She won’t answer.”
“Try again.
I’ve got a feeling she’ll answer with me here.”
“Why would she?”
“Because she’s been sending me Iris-messages,” I said, suddenly sure of it.
“She’s been trying to warn me what you’re up to, so I can protect you.”
Nico shook his head.
“That’s impossible.”
“One way to find out.
You said you’re not afraid.”
I turned to Eurytion.
“We’re going to need a pit, like a grave.
And food and drinks.”
“Percy,” Annabeth warned.
“I don’t think this is a good—”
“All right,” Nico said.
“I’ll try.”
Eurytion scratched his beard.
“There’s a hole dug out back for a septic
tank.
We could use that.
Cyclops boy, fetch my ice chest from the kitchen.
I
hope the dead like root beer.”
TEN
WE PLAY THE GAME SHOW
OF DEATH
We did our summons after dark, at a twenty-foot-long pit in front of the
septic tank.
The tank was bright yellow, with a smiley face and red words
painted on the side: HAPPY FLUSH DISPOSAL CO.
It didn’t quite go with
the mood of summoning the dead.
The moon was full.
Silver clouds drifted across the sky.
“Minos should be here by now,” Nico said, frowning.
“It’s full dark.”
“Maybe he got lost,” I said hopefully.
Nico poured root beer and tossed barbecue into the pit, then began
chanting in Ancient Greek.
Immediately the bugs in the woods stopped
chirping.
In my pocket, the Stygian ice dog whistle started to grow colder,
freezing against the side of my leg.
“Make him stop,” Tyson whispered to me.
Part of me agreed.
This was unnatural.
The night air felt cold and
menacing.
But before I could say anything, the first spirits appeared.
Sulfurous mist seeped out of the ground.
Shadows thickened into human
forms.
One blue shade drifted to the edge of the pit and knelt to drink.
“Stop him!”
Nico said, momentarily breaking his chant.
“Only Bianca
may drink!”
I drew Riptide.
The ghosts retreated with a collective hiss at the sight of
my celestial bronze blade.
But it was too late to stop the first spirit.
He had
already solidified into the shape of a bearded man in white robes.
A circlet
of gold wreathed his head, and even in death his eyes were alive with malice.
“Minos!”
Nico said.
“What are you doing?”
“My apologies, master,” the ghost said, though he didn’t sound very sorry.
“The sacrifice smelled so good, I couldn’t resist.”
He examined his own
hands and smiled.
“It is good to see myself again.
Almost in solid form—”
“You are disrupting the ritual!”
Nico protested.
“Get—”
The spirits of the dead began shimmering dangerously bright, and Nico
had to take up the chant again to keep them at bay.
“Yes, quite right, master,” Minos said with amusement.
“You keep
chanting.
I’ve only come to protect you from these liars who would deceive
you.”
He turned to me as if I were some kind of cockroach.
“Percy
Jackson…my, my.
The sons of Poseidon haven’t improved over the
centuries, have they?”
I wanted to punch him, but I figured my fist would go right through his
face.
“We’re looking for Bianca di Angelo,” I said.
“Get lost.”
The ghost chuckled.
“I understand you once killed my Minotaur with your
bare hands.
But worse things await you in the maze.
Do you really believe
Daedalus will help you?”
The other spirits stirred in agitation.
Annabeth drew her knife and helped
me keep them away from the pit.
Grover got so nervous he clung to Tyson’s
shoulder.
“Daedalus cares nothing for you, half-bloods,” Minos warned.
“You can’t
trust him.
He is old beyond counting, and crafty.
He is bitter from the guilt
of murder and is cursed by the gods.”
“The guilt of murder?”
I asked.
“Who did he kill?”
“Do not changed the subject!”
the ghost growled.
“You are hindering
Nico.
You try to persuade him to give up on his goal.
I would make him a
lord!”
“Enough, Mions,” Nico commanded.
The ghost sneered.
“Master, these are your enemies.
You must not listen
to them!
Let me protect you.
i will turn their minds to madness, as I did the
others.”
“The others?”
Annabeth gasped.
“You mean Chris Rodriguez?
That was
you?”
“The maze is my property,” the ghost said, “not Daedalus’s!
Those who
intrude deserve madness.”
“Be gone, Minos!”
Nico demanded.
“I want to see my sister!”
The ghost bit back his rage.
“As you wish, master.
But I warn you.
You
cannot trust these heroes.”
With that, he faded into mist.
Other spirits rushed forward, but Annabeth and I kept them back.
“Bianca, appear!”
Nico intoned.
He started chanting faster, and the spirits
shifted restlessly.
“Any time now,” Grover muttered.
Then a silvery light flickered in the trees—a spirit that seemed brighter
and stronger than the others.
It came closer, and something told me to let it

pass.
It knelt to drink at the pit.
When it arose, it was the ghostly form of
Bianca di Angelo.
Nico’s chanting faltered.
I lowered my sword.
The other spirits started to
crowd forward, but Bianca raised her arms and they retreated into the woods.
“Hello, Percy,” she said.
She looked the same as she had in life: a green cap set sideways on her
thick black hair, dark eyes and olive skin like her brother.
She wore jeans
and a silvery jacket, the outfit of a Hunter of Artemis.
A bow was slung over
her shoulder.
She smiled faintly, and her whole form flickered.
“Bianca,” I said.
My voice was thick.
I’d felt guilty about her death for a
long time, but seeing her in front of me was five times as bad, like her death
was fresh and new.
I remembered searching through the wreckage of the
giant bronze warrior she’d sacrificed her life to defeat, and not finding any
sign of her.
“I’m so sorry,” I said.
“You have nothing to apologize for, Percy.
I made my own choice.
I don’t
regret it.”
“Bianca!”
Nico stumbled forward like he was just coming out of a daze.
She turned toward her brother.
Her expression was sad, as if she’d been
dreading this moment.
“Hello, Nico.
You’ve gotten so tall.”
“Why didn’t you answer me sooner?”
he cried.
“I’ve been trying for
months!”
“I was hoping you would give up.”
“Give up?”
He sounded heartbroken.
“How can you say that?
I’m trying
to save you!”
“You can’t, Nico.
Don’t do this.
Percy is right.”
“No!
He let you die!
He’s not your friend.”
Bianca stretched out a hand as if to touch her brother’s face, but she was
made of mist.
Her hand evaporated as it got close to living skin.
“You must listen to me,” she said.
“Holding a grudge is dangerous for a
child of Hades.
It is our fatal flaw.
You have to forgive.
You have to
promise me this.”
“I can’t.
Never.”
“Percy has been worried about you, Nico.
He can help.
I let him see what
you were up to, hoping he would find you.”
“So it was you,” I said.
“You sent those Iris-messages.”
Bianca nodded.
“Why are you helping him and not me?”
Nico screamed.
“It’s not fair!”

“You are close to the truth now,” Bianca told him.
“It’s not Percy you’re
mad at, Nico.
It’s me.”
“No.”
“You’re mad because I left you to become a Hunter of Artemis.
You’re
mad because I died and left you alone.
I’m sorry for that, Nico.
I truly am.
But you must overcome the anger.
And stop blaming Percy for my choices.
It will be your doom.”
“She’s right,” Annabeth broke in.
“Kronos is rising, Nico.
He’ll twist
anyone he can to his cause.”
“I don’t care about Kronos,” Nico said.
“I just want my sister back.”
“You can’t have that, Nico,” Bianca told him gently.
“I’m the son of Hades!
I can.”
“Don’t try,” she said.
“If you love me, don’t…”
Her voice trailed off.
Spirits had started to gather around us again, and
they seemed agitated.
Their shadows shifted.
Their voices whispered,
Danger!
“Tartarus stirs,” Bianca said.
“Your power draws the attention of Kronos.
The dead must return to the Underworld.
It is not safe for us to remain.”
“Wait,” Nico said.
“Please—”
“Good-bye, Nico,” Bianca said.
“I love you.
Remember what I said.”
Her form shivered and the ghosts disappeared, leaving us alone with a pit,
a Happy Flush septic tank, and a cold full moon.
***
None of us were anxious to travel that night, so we decided to wait until
morning.
Grover and I crashed on the leather couches in Geryon’s living
room, which was a lot more comfortable than a bedroll in the maze; but it
didn’t make my nightmares any better.
It was Annabeth’s mother:
Athena.
Daedalus scowled up at the heavens.
“I have always honored you, Mother.
I have sacrificed everything to follow your way.”
Yet the boy had my blessing as well.
And you have killed him.
For that,
you must pay.
‘I have paid and paid!”
Daedalus growled.
“I’ve lost everything.
I’ll suffer
in the Underworld, no doubt.
But in the meantime…”
He picked up the boy’s scroll, studied it for a moment, and slipped it into
his sleeve.
You do not understand, Athena said coldly.
You will pay now and forever.
Suddenly Daedalus collapsed in agony.
I felt what he felt.
A searing pain
closed around my neck like a molten-hot collar—cutting off my breath,
making everything go black.
***
I woke in the dark, my hands clutching my throat.
“Percy?”
Grover called from the other sofa.
“Are you okay?”
I steadied my breathing.
I wasn’t sure how to answer.
I’d just watched the
guy we were looking for, Daedalus, murder his own nephew.
How could I
be okay?
The television was going.
Blue light flickered through the room.
“What—what time is it?”
I croaked.
“The first time
you and Annabeth went down there, you thought you were only gone a few
minutes, right?
But it was an hour.”
“Oh,” I said.
“Right.”
Then it dawned on me what he was saying, and my
throat felt searing hot again.
“Your deadline with the Council of Cloven
Elders.”
Grover put the TV remote in his mouth and crunched off the end of it.
“I’m out of time,” he said with a mouthful of plastic.
“As soon as I go back,
they’ll take away my searcher’s license.
I’ll never be allowed to go out
again.”
“We’ll talk to them,” I promised.
“Make them give you more time.”
Grover swallowed.
“They’ll never go for it.
The world is dying, Percy.
What you did today—saving the ranch animals from Geryon—that was
amazing.
I—I wish I could be more like you.”
“Hey,” I said.
“Don’t say that.
You’re just as much a hero—”
“No I’m not.
I keep trying, but…” He sighed.
“Percy, I can’t go back to
camp without finding Pan.
I just can’t.
You understand that, don’t you?
I
can’t face Juniper if I fail.
I can’t even face myself.”
His voice was so unhappy it hurt to hear.
We’d been through a lot
together, but I’d never heard him sound this down.
“We’ll figure out something,” I said.
“You haven’t failed.
You’re the
champion goat boy, all right?
Juniper knows that.
So do I.”
Grover closed his eyes.
“Champion goat boy,” he muttered dejectedly.
A long time after he dozed off, I was still awake, watching the blue light
of the Nature Channel wash over the stuffed trophy heads on Geryon’s walls.
***
The next morning we walked down to the cattle guard and said our goodbyes.
“Nico, you could come with us,” I blurted out.
I guess I was thinking
about my dream, and how much the young boy Perdix reminded me of Nico.
He shook his head.
I don’t think any of us had slept well in the demon
ranch house, but Nico looked worse than anybody else.
His eyes were red

and his face chalky.
He was wrapped in a black robe that must’ve belonged
to Geryon, because it was three sizes too big even for a grown man.
“I need time to think.”
His eyes wouldn’t meet mine, but I could tell from
his tone he was still angry.
The fact that his sister had come out of the
Underworld for me and not for him didn’t seem to sit well with him.
“Nico,” Annabeth said.
“Bianca just wants you to be okay.”
She put her hand on his shoulder, but he pulled away and trudged up the
road toward the ranch house.
Maybe it was my imagination, but the morning
mist seemed to cling to him as he walked.
“I’m worried about him,” Annabeth told me.
“If he starts talking to
Minos’s ghost again—”
“He’ll be al right,” Eurytion promised.
The cowherd had cleaned up
nicely.
He was wearing new jeans and a clean Western shirt and he’d even
trimmed his beard.
He’d put on Geryon’s boots.
“The boy can stay here and
gather his thoughts as long as he wants.
He’ll be safe, I promise.”
“What about you?”
I asked.
Eurytion scratched Orthus behind one chin, then the other.
“Things are
going to be run a little different on this ranch from now on.
No more sacred
cattle meat.
I’m thinking about soybean patties.
And I’m going to befriend
those flesh-eating horses.
Might just sign up for the next rodeo.”
The idea made me shudder.
“Well, good luck.”
“Yep.”
Eurytion spit into the grass.
“I reckon you’ll be looking for
Daedalus’s workshop now?”
Annabeth’s eyes lit up.
“Can you help us?”
Eurytion studied the cattle guard, and I got the feeling the subject of
Daedalus’s workshop made him uncomfortable.
“Don’t know where it is.
But Hephaestus probably would.”
“That’s what Hera said,” Annabeth agreed.
“But how do we find
Hephaestus?”
Eurytion pulled something from under the collar of his shirt.
It was a
necklace—a smooth silver disk on a silver chain.
The disk had a depression
on the middle, like a thumbprint.
He handed it to Annabeth.
“Hephaestus comes here from time to time,” Eurytion said.
“Studies the
animals and such so he can make bronze automaton copies.
Last time, I—
uh—did him a favor.
A little trick he wanted to play on my dad, Ares, and
Aphrodite.
He gave me that chain in gratitude.
Said if I ever needed to find
him, the disk would lead me to his forges.
But only once.”
“And you’re giving it to me?”
Annabeth asked.
Eurytion blushed.
“I don’t need to see the forges, miss.
Got enough to do
here.
Just press the button and you’ll be on your way.”
Annabeth pressed the button and the disk sprang to life.
It grew eight
metallic legs.
Annabeth shrieked and dropped it, much to Eurytion’s
confusion.
“Spider!”
she screamed.
Annabeth wasn’t anxious to follow, but we didn’t have much choice.
We
said our good-byes to Eurytion, Tyson pulled the cattle guard off the hole,
and we dropped back into the maze.
***
I wish I could’ve put the mechanical spider on a leash.
It scuttled along
the tunnels so fast, most of time I couldn’t even see it.
“Monkey bars,” Annabeth said.
“I’m great at these.”
She leaped onto the first rung and started swinging her way across.
She
was scared of tiny spiders, but not of plummeting to her death from a set of
monkey bars.
Go figure.
Annabeth got to the opposite side and ran after the spider.
I followed.
When I got across, I looked back and saw Tyson giving Grover a piggyback
ride (or was it a goatyback ride?).
the big guy made it across in three swings,
which was a good thing since, just as he landed, the last iron bar ripped free
under his weight.
We kept moving and passed a skeleton crumpled in the tunnel.
It work the
remains of a dress shirt, slacks, and a tie.
The spider didn’t slow down.
I

slipped on a pile of wood scraps, but when I shined a light on them I realized
they were pencils—hundreds of them, all broken in half.
The tunnel opened up onto a large room.
A blazing light hit us.
Once my
eyes adjusted, the first thing I noticed were the skeletons.
Dozens littered the
floor around us.
Some were old and bleached white.
Others were more
recent and a lot grosser.
They didn’t smell quite as bad as Geryon’s stables,
but almost.
Then I saw the monster.
She stood on a glittery dais on the opposite side
of the room.
She had the body of a huge lion and the head of a woman.
She
would’ve been pretty, but her hair was tied back in a tight bun and she wore
too much makeup, so she kind of reminded me of my third-grade choir
teacher.
She had a blue ribbon badge pinned to her chest that took me a
moment to read: THIS MONSTER HAS BEEN RATED EXEMPLARY!
Tyson whimpered.
“Sphinx.”
I knew exactly why he was scared.
When he was small, Tyson had been
attacked by a Sphinx’s paws and disappeared.
Annabeth started forward, but the Sphinx roared, showing fangs in her
otherwise human face.
Bars came down on both tunnel exits, behind us and
in front.
Immediately the monster’s snarl turned into a brilliant smile.
“Welcome, lucky contestants!”
she announced.
“Get ready to
play…ANSWER THAT RIDDLE!”
Canned applause blasted from the ceiling, as if there were invisible
loudspeakers.
Spotlights swept across the room and reflected off the dais,
throwing disco glitter over the skeletons on the floor.
“Fabulous prizes!”
the Sphinx said.
“Pass the test, and you get to advance!
Fail, and I get to eat you!
Who will be our contestant?”
Annabeth grabbed my arm.
“I’ve got this,” she whispered.
“I know what
she’s going to ask.”
I didn’t argue too hard.
I didn’t want Annabeth getting devoured by a
monster, but I figured if the Sphinx was going to ask riddles, Annabeth was
the best one of us to try.
She stepped forward to the contestant’s podium, which had a skeleton in a
school uniform hunched over it.
She pushed the skeleton out of the way, and
it clattered to the floor.
“Sorry,” Annabeth told it.
“Welcome, Annabeth Chase!”
the monster cried, though Annabeth hadn’t
said her name.
“Are you ready for your test?”
“Yes,” she said.
“Ask your riddle.”
“Twenty riddles, actually!”
the Sphinx said gleefully.
“What?
But back in the old days—”
“Oh, we’ve raised our standards!
To pass, you must show proficiency in
all twenty.
Isn’t that great?”
Applause switched on and off like somebody turning a faucet.
Annabeth glanced at me nervously.
I gave her an encouraging nod.
“Okay,” she told the Sphinx.
“I’m ready.”
A drumroll sounded from above.
The Sphinx’s eyes glittered with
excitement.
“What…is the capital of Bulgaria?”
Annabeth frowned.
For a terrible moment, I thought she was stumped.
“Sofia,” she said, “but—”
“Correct!”
More canned applause.
The Sphinx smiled so widely her fangs
showed.
“Please be sure to mark your answer clearly on your test sheet with
a number 2 pencil.”
“What?”
Annabeth looked mystified.
Then a test booklet appeared on the
podium in front of her, along with a sharpened pencil.
“Make sure you bubble each answer clearly and stay inside the circle,” the
Sphinx said.
“If you have to erase, erase completely or the machine will not
be able to read your answers.”
“What machine?”
Annabeth asked.
The Sphinx pointed with her paw.
Over by the spotlight was a bronze box
with a bunch of gears and levers and a big Greek letter Ȇta on the side, the
mark of Hephaestus.
“Now,” said the Sphinx, “next question—”
“Wait a second,” Annabeth protested.
“What about ‘What walks on four
legs in the morning’?”
“I beg your pardon?”
the Sphinx said, clearly annoyed now.
“The riddle about the man.
He walks on four legs in the morning, like a
baby, two legs in the afternoon, like an adult, and three legs in the evening,
as an old man with a cane.
That’s the riddle you used to ask.”
“Exactly why we changed the test!”
the Sphinx exclaimed.
“You already
knew the answer.
Now second question, what is the square root of sixteen?”
“Four,” Annabeth said, “but—”
“Correct!
Which U.S. president signed the Emancipation Proclamation?”
“Abraham Lincoln, but—”
“Correct!
Riddle number four.
How much—”
“Hold up!”
Annabeth shouted.
I wanted to tell her to stop complaining.
She was doing great!
She should
just answer the questions so we could leave.
“These aren’t riddles,” Annabeth said.
“What do you mean?”
the sphinx snapped.
“Of course they are.
This test
material is specially designed—”
“It’s just a bunch of dumb, random facts,” Annabeth insisted.
“Riddles are
supposed to make you think.”
“Think?”
The Sphinx frowned.
“How am I supposed to test whether you
can think?
That’s ridiculous!
Now, how much force is required—”
“Stop!”
Annabeth insisted.
“This is a stupid test.”
“Um, Annabeth,” Grover cut in nervously.
“Maybe you should just, you
know, finish first and complain later?”
“I’m a child of Athena,” she insisted.
“And this is an insult to my
intelligence.
I won’t answer these questions.”
Part of me wsa impressed with her for standing up like that.
But part of
me thought her pride was going to get us all killed.
The spotlights glared.
The Sphinx’s eyes glittered pure black.
“Why then, my dear,” the monster said calmly.
“If you won’t pass, you
fail.
And since we can’t allow any children to be held back, you’ll be
EATEN!”
The Sphinx bared her claws, which gleamed like stainless steel.
She
pounced at the podium.
“No!”
Tyson charged.
He hates it when people threaten Annabeth, but I
couldn’t believe he was being so brave, especially since he’d had such a bad
experience with a Sphinx before.
He tackled the Sphinx in midair and they crashed sideways into a pile of
bones.
This gave Annabeth just enough time to gather her wits and draw her
knife.
Tyson got up, his shirt clawed to shreds.
The Sphinx growled, looking
for an opening.
I drew Riptide and stepped in front of Annabeth.
“Turn invisible,” I told her.
“I can fight!”
“No!”
I yelled.
“The Sphinx is after you!
Let us get it.”
As if to prove my point, the Sphinx knocked Tyson aside and tried to
charge past me.
Grover poked her in the eye with somebody’s leg bone.
She
screeched in pain.
Annabeth put on her cap and vanished.
The Sphinx
pounced right were she’d been standing, but came up with empty paws.
“No fair!”
the Sphinx wailed.
“Cheater!”

With Annabeth no longer in sight, the Sphinx turned on me.
I raised my
sword, but before I could strike, Tyson ripped the monster’s grading
machine out of the floor and threw it at the Sphinx’s head, ruining her hair
bun.
It landed in pieces all around her.
“My grading machine!”
she cried.
“I can’t be exemplary without my test
scores!”
The bars lifted from the exits.
We all dashed for the far tunnel.
I could
only hope Annabeth was doing the same.
“I didn’t make you, did I?”
“Uh,” Annabeth said, “no, sir.”
“Good,” the god grumbled.
“Shoddy workmanship.”
He studied Annabeth and me.
“Half-bloods,” he grunted.
“Could be
automatons, of course, but probably not.”
“We’ve met, sir,” I told him.
“Have we?”
the god asked absently.
I got the feeling he didn’t care one
way or the other.
he was just trying to figure out how my jaw worked,
whether it was a hinge or a lever or what.
“Well then, if I didn’t smash you
to a pulp the first time we met, I suppose I won’t have to do it now.”
He looked at Grover and frowned.
“Satyr.”
Then he looked at Tyson, and
his eyes twinkled.
“Well, a Cyclops.
Good, good.
What are you doing
traveling with this lot?”
“Uh…” said Tyson, staring in wonder at the god.
“Yes, well said,” Hephaestus agreed.
“So, there’d better be a good reason
you’re disturbing me.
The suspension on this Corolla is no small matter, you
know.”
“Sir,” Annabeth said hesitantly, “we’re looking for Daedalus.
We
thought—”
“Daedalus?” the god roared.
“You want that old scoundrel?
You dare to
seek him out!”
His beard burst into flames and his black eyes glowed.
“Uh, yes, sir, please,” Annabeth said.
“Humph.
You’re wasting your time.”
He frowned at something on his
worktable and limped over to it.
He picked up a lump of springs and metal

plates and tinkered with them.
In a few seconds he was holding a bronze and
silver falcon.
It spread its metal wings, blinked its obsidian eyes, and flew
around the room.
Tyson laughed and clapped his hands.
The bird landed on Tyson’s
shoulder and nipped his ear affectionately.
Hephaestus regarded him.
The god’s scowl didn’t change, but I thought I
saw a kinder twinkle in his eyes.
“I sense you have something to tell me,
Cyclops.”
Tyson’s smile faded.
“Y-yes, lord.
We met a Hundred-Handed One.”
Hephaestus nodded, looking unsurprised.
“Briares?”
“Yes.
He—he was scared.
He would not help us.”
“And that bothered you.”
“Yes!”
Tyson’s voice wavered.
“Briares should be strong!
He is older and
greater than Cyclopes.
But he ran away.”
Hephaestus grunted.
“There was a time I admired the Hundred-Handed
Ones.
Back in the days of the first war.
But people, monsters, even gods
change, young Cyclops.
You can’t trust ’em.
Look at my loving mother,
Hera.
You met her, didn’t you?
She’ll smile to your face and talk about how
important family is, eh?
Didn’t stop her from pitching me off Mount
Olympus when she saw my ugly face.”
One time in Denver, his mechanical spiders had almost
killed Annabeth and me.
And last year, it had been a defective Talos statue
that cost Bianca her life—another one of Hephaestus’s little projects.
He focused on me and narrowed his eyes, as if he were reading my
thoughts.
“Oh, this one doesn’t like me,” he mused.
“No worries, I’m used
to that.
What would you ask of me, little demigod?”

“We told you,” I said.
“We need to find Daedalus.
“Name it,” Annabeth said.
Hephaestus actually laughed—a booming sound like a huge bellows
stoking a fire.
“You heroes,” he said, “always making rash promises.
How
refreshing!”
He pressed a button on his workbench, and metal shutters opened along
the wall.
It was either a huge window or a big-screen TV, I couldn’t tell
which.
We were looking at a gray mountain ringed in forests.
It must’ve
been a volcano, because smoke rose from its crest.
“One of my forges,” Hephaestus said.
“Looking for…you know, Pan.”
“Wait,” Annabeth said, looking at Hephaestus.
“You said it used to be
your favorite.
What happened?”
Hephaestus scratched his smoldering beard.
“Well, that’s where the
monster Typhon is trapped, you know.
Used to be under Mount Etna, but
when we moved to America, his force got pinned under Mount St. Helens
instead.
Great source of fire, but a bit dangerous.
There’s always a chance he
will escape.
Lots of eruptions these days, smoldering all the time.
He’s
restless with the Titan rebellion.”
“What do you want us to do?”
I said, “Fight him?”
Hephaestus snorted.
“That would be suicide.
The gods themselves ran
from Typhon when he was free.
No, pray you never have to see him, much
less fight him.
But lately I have sensed intruders in my mountain.
Someone
or something is using my forges.
When I go there, it is empty, but I can tell
it is being used.
They sense me coming, and they disappear.
I send my
automatons to investigate, but they do not return.
Something…ancient is
there.
Evil.
I want to know who dates invade my territory, and if they mean
to loose Typhon.”
“You want us to find out who it is,” I said.
“Aye,” Hephaestus said.
“Go there.
They may not sense you coming.
You
are not gods.”
“Glad you noticed,” I muttered.
“Go and find out what you can,” Hephaestus said.
“Report back to me,
and I will tell you what you need to know about Daedalus.”
“All right,” Annabeth said.
“How do we get there?”
Hephaestus clapped his hands.
The spider came swinging down from the
rafters.
Annabeth flinched when it landed at her feet.
“My creation will show you the way,” Hephaestus said.
“It is not far
through the Labyrinth.
And try to stay alive, will you?
Humans are much
more fragile than automatons.”
***
We were doing okay until we hit the tree roots.
The spider raced along
and we were keeping up, but then we spotted a tunnel off to the side that was
dug from raw earth, and wrapped in thick roots.
Grover stopped dead in his
tracks.
“What is it?”
I said.
He didn’t move.
He stared openmouthed into the dark tunnel.
His curly
hair rustled in the breeze.
“Come on!”
Annabeth said.
“We have to keep moving.”
“This is the way,” Grover muttered in awe.
“This is it.”
“What way?”
I asked.
“You mean…to Pan?”
Grover looked at Tyson.
“Don’t you smell it?”
“Dirt,” Tyson said.
“And plants.”
“Yes!
This is the way.
I’m sure of it!”

Up ahead, the spider was getting farther down the stone corridor.
A few
more seconds and we’d lose it.
“Well come back,” Annabeth promised.
“But we can’t,” Annabeth said.
“The forges!”
Grover looked at her sadly.
“I have to, Annabeth.
Don’t you understand?”
She looked desperate, like she didn’t understand at all.
The spider was
almost out of sight.
Annabeth said.
“That’s way too dangerous.
How will we ever find
each other again?
“This is bad,” Annabeth said.
“Splitting up is a really, really bad idea.”
“We’ll see them again,” I said, trying to sound confident.
“Now come on.
The spider is getting away!”
***
It wasn’t long before the tunnel started to get hot.
The stone walls glowed.
The air felt as if we were walking through an
oven.
The tunnel sloped down and I could hear a loud roar, like a river of
metal.
The spider skittered along, with Annabeth right behind.
“Hey, wait up,” I called to her.
She glanced back at me.
“Yeah?”
“Something Hephaestus said back there…about Athena.”
“She swore never to marry,” Annabeth said.
“Like Artemis and Hestia.
She’s one of the maiden goddesses.”
I blinked.
I’d never heard that about Athena before.
“But then—”
“How come she has demigod children?”
I nodded.
I was probably blushing, but hopefully it was so hot anyway
that Annabeth didn’t notice.
“So your dad and Athena…so you weren’t…”
“I was a brain child,” Annabeth said.
“Literally.
Children of Athena are
sprung from the divine thoughts of our mother and the mortal ingenuity of
our father.
We are supposed to be a gift, a blessing from Athena on the men
she favors.”
“But—”
“Percy, the spider’s getting away.
Do you really want me to explain the
exact details of how I was born?”
“Um…no.
That’s okay.”
She smirked.
“I thought not.”
And she ran ahead.
I followed, but I wasn’t
sure I would ever look at Annabeth the same way again.
I decided some
things were better left as mysteries.
The roaring got louder.
After another half mile or so, we emerged in a
cavern the size of a Super Bowl stadium.
Our spider escort stopped and
curled into a ball.
We had arrived at the forge of Hephaestus.
There was no floor, just bubbling lava hundreds of feet below.
We stood
on a rock ridge that circled the cavern.
A network of metal bridges spanned
across it.
At the center was a huge platform with all sorts of machines,
cauldrons, forges, and the largest anvil I’d ever seen—a block of iron the

size of a house.
Creatures moved around the platform—several strange, dark
shapes, but they were too far away to make out details.
Annabeth picked up the metal spider and slipped it into her pocket.
“I can.
Wait here.”
“Hold it!”
I said, but before I could argue, she put on her Yankees cap and
turned invisible.
I didn’t dare call after her, but I didn’t like the idea of her approaching the
forge on her own.
If those things out there could sense a god coming, would
Annabeth be safe?
I looked back at the Labyrinth tunnel.
“The telekhines betrayed the gods,” Annabeth said.
“They were practicing
dark magic.
I wished I hadn’t been lying to Annabeth.
I’d
wanted her to get out safely, and I hoped she’d been sensible enough to do it.
But now it was dawning on me that this might be the place I would die.
No
prophecies for me.
I would get overrun in the heart of a volcano by a pack of
dog-faced sea-lion people.
The young telekhines were at the platform now,
too, snarling and waiting to see how their four elders would deal with me.
I felt something burning against the side of my leg.
The ice whistle in my
pocket was getting colder.
If I ever needed help, now was the time.
But I
hesitated.
I didn’t trust Quintus’s gift.
Before I could make up my mind, the tallest telekhine said, “Let us see
how strong he is.
Let us see how long it takes him to burn!”
He scooped some lava out of the nearest furnace.
It set his fingers ablaze,
but this didn’t seem to bother him at all.
The other elder telekhines did the
same.
The first one threw a glop of molten rock at me and set my pants on
fire.
Two more splattered across my chest.
I dropped my sword in sheer
terror and swatted at my clothes.
Fire was engulfing me.
Strangely, it felt
only warm at first, but it was getting hotter by the instant.
“Your father’s nature protects you,” one said.
“Makes you hard to burn.
But not impossible, youngling.
Not impossible.”
They threw more lava at me, and I remember screaming.
My whole body
was on fire.
The pain was worse than anything I’d ever felt.
I was being
consumed.
I crumpled to the metal floor and heard the sea demon children
howling in delight.
Then I remembered the voice of the river naiad at the ranch: The water is
within me.
I needed the sea.
I felt a tugging sensation in my gut, but I had nothing
around to help me.
Not a faucet or a river.
Not even a petrified seashell this
time.
And besides, the last time I’d unleashed my power at the stables,
there’d been that scary moment when it had almost gotten away from me.
I had no choice.
I called to the sea.
I reached inside myself and
remembered the waves and the currents, the endless power of the ocean.
And I let it loose in one horrible scream.
Afterward, I could never describe what happened.
An explosion, a tidal
wave, a whirlwind of power simultaneously catching me up and blasting me
downward into the lava.
Fire and water collided, superheated steam, and I
shot upward from the heart of the volcano in a huge explosion, just one piece
of flotsam thrown free by a million pounds of pressure.
Who is Annabeth?”
“Oh, uh.
A friend.
We were together when—wait, how did I get here?
Where am I?”
Calypso reached up and ran her fingers through my mangled hair.
I
stepped back nervously.
“I’m sorry,” she said.
“I’ve just grown used to caring for you.
as to how
you got here, you fell from the sky.
You landed in the water, just there.”
She
pointed across the beach.
“I do not know how you survived.
The water
seemed to cushion your fall.
As to where you are, you are in Ogygia.”
She pronounced it like oh-jee-jee-ah.
“Is that near Mount St. Helens?”
I asked, because my geography is pretty
terrible.
Calypso laughed.
It was a small restrained laugh, like she found me really
funny but didn’t want to embarrass me.
She was cute when she laughed.
“It isn’t near anything, brave one,” she said.
“Ogygia is my phantom
island.
It exists by itself, anywhere and nowhere.
You can heal here in safety.
Never fear.”
“But my friends—”
“Annabeth,” she said.
I
could make out all the constellations Annabeth had taught me: Capricorn,
Pegasus, Sagittarius.
And there, near the southern horizon, was a new
constellation: the Huntress, a tribute to a friend of ours who had died last
winter.
“Percy, what do you see?”
I brought my eyes back to earth.
However amazing the stars were,
Calypso was twice as brilliant.
I mean, I’ve seen the goddess of love herself,
Aphrodite, and I would never say this out loud or she’d blast me to ashes,
but for my money, Calypso was a lot more beautiful, because she just
seemed so natural, like she wasn’t trying to be beautiful and didn’t even care
about that.
She just was.
With her braided hair and white dress, she seemed
to glow in the moonlight.
She was holding a tiny plant in her hands.
Its
flowers were silver and delicate.
“I was just looking at…” I found myself staring at her face.
“Uh…I
forgot.”
She laughed gently.
“Well, as long as you’re up, you can help me plant
these.”
She handed me a plant, which had a clump of dirt and roots at the base.
The flowers glowed as I held them.
Calypso picked up her gardening spade
and directed me to the edge of the garden, where she began to dig.
“That’s moonlace,” Calypso explained.
“It can only be planted at night.”
I watched the silvery light flicker around the petals.
“What does it do?”
“Do?”
Calypso mused.
“It doesn’t really do anything, I suppose.
It lives, it
gives light, it provides beauty.
Does it have to do anything else?”
“I suppose not,” I said.
She took the plant, and our hands met.
Her fingers were warm.
She
planted the moonlace and stepped back, surveying her work.
“I love my
garden.”
“It’s awesome,” I agreed.
I mean, I wasn’t exactly a gardening type, but
Calypso had arbors covered with six different colors of roses, lattices filled
with honeysuckle, rows of grapevines bursting with red and purple grapes
that would’ve made Dionysus sit up and beg.
“Back home,” I said, “my mom always wanted a garden.”
“Why did she not plant one?”
“Well, we live in Manhattan.
In an apartment.”
“Manhattan? Apartment?”
I stared at her.
“You don’t know what I’m talking about, do you?”
“I fear not.
I haven’t left Ogygia in…a long time.”
“Well, Manhattan’s a big city, with not much gardening space.”
Calypso frowned.
“That is sad.
Hermes visits from time to time.
He tells
me the world outside has changed greatly.
I did not realize it had changed so
much you cannot have gardens.”
“Why haven’t you left your island?”
She looked down.
“It is my punishment.”
“Why?
What did you do?”
“I?
Nothing.
But I’m afraid my father did a great deal.
His name is Atlas.”
The name sent a shiver down my back.
I’d met the Titan Atlas last winter,
and it had not been a happy time.
He’d tried to kill pretty much everyone I
care about.
“Still,” I said hesitantly, “it’s not fair to punish you for what your father’s
done.
I knew another daughter of Atlas.
Her name was Zoë.
She was one of
the bravest people I’ve ever met.”
Calypso studied me for a long time.
Her eyes were sad.
“What is it?”
I asked.
“Are—are you healed yet, my brave one?
Do you think you’ll be ready to
leave soon?”
“What?
I asked.
“I don’t know.”
I moved my legs.
They were still stiff.
I
was already getting dizzy from standing up so long.
“You want me to go?”
“I…” Her voice broke.
“I’ll see you in the morning.
Sleep well.”
She ran off toward the beach.
I was too confused to do anything but watch
until she disappeared in the dark.
***
I don’t know exactly how much time passed.
Like Calypso said, it was
hard to keep track on the island.
I knew I should be leaving.
At the very least,
my friends would be worried.
At worst, they could be in serious danger.
I
didn’t even know if Annabeth had made it out of the volcano.
I tried to use
my empathy link with Grover several times, but I couldn’t make contact.
I
hated not knowing if they were all right.
On the other hand, I really was weak.
I couldn’t stay on my feet more than
a few hours.
Whatever I’d done in Mount St. Helens had drained me like
nothing else I’d ever expected.
I didn’t feel like a prisoner or anything.
I remembered the Lotus Hotel and
Casino in Vegas, where I’d been lured into this amazing game world until I
almost forgot everything I cared about.
But the island of Ogygia wasn’t like
that at all.
I thought about Annabeth, Grover, and Tyson constantly.
I
remembered exactly why I needed to leave.
I just…couldn’t.
and then there
was Calypso herself.
She never talked much about herself, but that just made me want to know
more.
I would sit in the meadow, sipping nectar, and I would try to
concentrate on the flowers or the clouds or the reflections on the lake, but I
was really staring at Calypso as she worked, the way she brushed her hair
over her shoulder, and the little strand that fell in her face whenever she
knelt to dig in the garden.
Sometimes she would hold out her hand and birds
would fly out of the woods to settle on her arm—lorikeets, parrots, doves.
She would tell them good morning, ask how it was going back at the nest,
and they would chirp for a while, then fly off cheerfully.
Calypso’s eyes
gleamed.
She would look at me and we’d share a smile, but almost
immediately she’d get that sad expression again and turn away.
I didn’t
understand what was bothering her.
One night we were eating dinner together at the beach.
Invisible servants
had set up a table with beef stew and apple cider, which may not sound all

that exciting, but that’s because you haven’t tasted it.
I hadn’t even noticed
the invisible servants when I first got to the island, but that’s because you
haven’t tasted it.
I hadn’t even noticed the invisible servants when I first got
to the island, but after a while I became aware of the beds making
themselves, meals cooking on their own, clothes being washed and folded by
unseen hands.
Anyway, Calypso and I were sitting at dinner, and she looked beautiful in
the candlelight.
I was telling her about New York and Camp Half-Blood,
and then I started telling her about the time Grover had eaten an apple while
we were playing Hacky Sack with it.
She laughed, showing off her amazing
smile, and our eyes met.
Then she dropped her gaze.
“There it is again,” I said.
“What?”
“You keep pulling away, like you’re trying not to enjoy yourself.”
She kept her eyes on her glass of cider.
“As I told you, Percy, I have been
punished.
Cursed, you might say.”
“How?
Tell me.
I want to help.”
“Don’t say that.
Please don’t say that.”
“Tell me what the punishment is.”
She covered her half-finished stew with a napkin, and immediately an
invisible servant whisked the bowl away.
“Percy, this island, Ogygia, is my
home, my birthplace.
But it is also my prison.
I am under…house arrest, I
guess you would call it.
I will never visit this Manhattan of yours.
Or
anywhere else.
I am alone here.”
“Because your father was Atlas.”
She nodded.
“The gods do not trust their enemies.
And rightly so.
I should
not complain.
Some of the prisons are not nearly as nice as mine.”
“But that’s not fair,” I said.
“Just because you’re related doesn’t mean you
support him.
This other daughter I knew, Zoë, Nightshade—she fought
against him.
She wasn’t imprisoned.”
“But, Percy,” Calypso said gently, “I did support him in the first war.
He
is my father.”
“What?
But the Titans are evil!”
“Are they?
All of them?
All the time?”
She pursed her lips.
“Tell me,
Percy.
I have no wish to argue with you.
but do you support the gods
because they are good, or because they are your family?”
I didn’t answer.
She had a point.
Last winter, after Annabeth and I had
saved Olympus, the gods had had a debate about whether or not they should

kill me.
That hadn’t been exactly good.
They
were all looking forward, watching as Annabeth took a long green silk burial
cloth, embroidered with a trident, and set it on the flames.
They were
burning my shroud.
Annabeth turned to face the audience.
She looked terrible.
Her eyes were
puffy from crying, but she managed to say, “He was probably the bravest
friend I’ve ever had.
He…” Then she saw me.
Her face went blood red.
“He’s right there!”
Heads turned.
People gasped.
“Percy!”
Beckendorf grinned.
A bunch of other kids crowded around me
and clapped me on the back.
The rest of you, back to your normal
activities!”
Without waiting for us to protest, he picked up Annabeth and me as easily
as if we were kittens, slung us both on his back, and galloped off toward the
Big House.
***
I didn’t tell them the whole story.
I just couldn’t bring myself to talk
about Calypso.
I explained how I’d caused the explosion at Mount St.
Helens and gotten blasted out of the volcano.
I told them I’d been marooned
on an island.
Then Hephaestus had found me and told me I could leave.
A
magic raft had carried me back to camp.
All that was true, but as I said it my palms felt sweaty.
“You’ve been gone two weeks.”
Annabeth’s voice was steadier now, but
she still looked pretty shaken up.
“When I heard the explosion, I thought—”
“I know,” I said.
“I’m sorry.
But I figured out how to get through the
Labyrinth.
I talked to Hephaestus.”
“He told you the answer?”
“Well, he sort of told me that I already knew.
And I do.
I understand
now.”
I told them my idea.
Annabeth’s jaw dropped.
“Percy, that’s crazy!”
Chiron sat back in his wheelchair and stroked his beard.
“There is
precedent, however.
Theseus had the help of Ariadne.
Harriet Tubman,
daughter of Hermes, used many mortals on her Underground Railroad for
just this reason.”
“But this is my quest,” Annabeth said.
“I need to lead it.”
Chiron looked uncomfortable.
“My dear, it is your quest.
But you need
help.”
“And this is supposed to help?
Please!
It’s wrong.
It’s cowardly.
It’s—”
“Hard to admit we need a mortal’s help,” I said.
“But it’s true.”
Annabeth glared at me.
“You are the single most annoying person I have
ever met!”
And she stormed out of the room.
I stared at the doorway.
I felt like hitting something.
“So much for being
the bravest friend she’s ever had.”
“She will calm down,” Chiron promised.
“She’s jealous, my boy.”
“That’s stupid.
She’s not…it’s not like…”
Chiron chuckled.
“It hardly matters.
Annabeth is very territorial about her
friends, in case you haven’t noticed.
She was quite worried about you.
And
now that you’re back, I think she suspects where you were marooned.”
I met his eyes, and I knew Chiron had guessed about Calypso.
It was hard
to hide anything from a guy who’s been training heroes for three thousand
years.
He’s pretty much seen it all.
“We won’t dwell on your choices,” Chiron said.
“You came back.
That is
what matters.”
“Tell that to Annabeth.”
Chiron smiled.
“In the morning I will have Argus take the two of you into
Manhattan.
You might stop by your mother’s, Percy.
She
is…understandably distraught.”
My heart skipped a beat.
All that time on Calypso’s island, I’d never even
thought how my mom would be feeling.
She’d think I was dead.
She’d be
devastated.
Then I hiked over Half-Blood Hill and met Annabeth and Argus on
the road.
Annabeth and I didn’t talk much in the van.
Argus never spoke, probably
because he had eyes all over his body, including—so I’d heard—at the tip of
his tongue, and he didn’t like to show that off.
Annabeth looked queasy, as if she’d slept even worse than me.
“Bad dreams?
I asked at last.
She shook her head.
“An Iris-message from Eurytion.”
“Eurytion! Is something wrong with Nico?”
“He left the ranch last night, heading back into the maze.”
“Nico was gone before he woke up.
Orthus tracked his scent as far as the
cattle guard.
Eurytion said he’d been hearing Nico talk to himself the last
few nights.
Only now he thinks Nico was talking with the ghost again,
Minos.”
“He’s in danger,” I said.
“No kidding.
Minos is one of the judges of the dead, but he’s got a vicious
streak a mile wide.
I don’t know what he wants with Nico, but—”
“That’s not what I meant,” I said.
Annabeth’s jaw clenched.
“That’s very, very bad.”
“So what do we do?”
She raised an eyebrow.
“Well, it’s a good thing you have a plan to guide
us, huh?”

***

It was Saturday, and traffic was heavy going into the city.
We arrived at
my mom’s apartment around noon.
When she answered the door, she gave
me a hug only a little less overwhelming than having a hellhound jump on
you.
“I told them you were all right,” my mom said, but she sounded like the
weight of the sky had just been lifted off her shoulders—and believe me, I
know firsthand how that feels.
She sat us down at the kitchen table and insisted on feeding us her special
blue chocolate-chip cookies while we caught her up on the quest.
As usual, I
tried to water down the frightening parts (which was pretty much
everything), but somehow that just made it sound more dangerous.
When I got to the part about Geryon and the stables, my mom pretended
like she was going to strangle me.
“I can’t get him to clean his room, but
he’ll clean a hundred tons of horse manure out of some monster’s stables?”
Annabeth laughed.
It was the first time I’d heard her laugh in a long time,
and it was nice to hear.
“So,” my mom said when I was done with the story, “you wrecked
Alcatraz Island, made Mount St. Helens explode, and displaced half a
million people, but at least you’re safe.”
That’s my mom, always looking on
the bright side.
“Yep,” I agreed.
“That pretty much covers it.”
“I wish Paul were here,” she said, half to herself.
“He wanted to talk to
you.”
“Oh, right.
The school.”
So much had happened since then that I’d almost forgotten about the high
school orientation at Goode—the fact I’d left the band hall in flames, and
my mom’s boyfriend had last seen me jumping through a window like a
fugitive.
“What did you tell him?”
I asked.
My mom shook her head.
“What could I say?
He knows something is
different about you, Percy.
He’s a smart man.
He believes that you’re not a
bad person.
He doesn’t know what’s going on, but the school is pressuring
him.
After all, he got you admitted there.
He needs to convince them the fire
wasn’t your fault.
And since you ran away, that looks bad.”
Annabeth was studying me.
She looked pretty sympathetic.
I knew she’d
been in similar situations.
It’s never easy for a half-blood in the mortal world.
“I’ll talk to him,” I promised.
“After we’re done with the quest.
I’ll even
tell him the truth if you want.”
My mom put her hand on my shoulder.
“You would do that?”

“Well, yeah.
I mean, he’ll think we’re crazy.”
“He already thinks that.”
“Then there’s nothing to lose.”
“Thank you, Percy.
I’ll tell him you’ll be home…” She frowned.
“When?
What happens now?”
Annabeth broke her cookie in half.
“Percy has this plan.”
Reluctantly I told my mom.
She nodded slowly.
“It sounds very dangerous.
But it might work.”
“You have the same abilities, don’t you?”
I asked.
“You can see through
the Mist.”
My mom sighed.
“Not so much now.
When I was younger it was easier.
But yes, I’ve always been able to see more than was good for me.
It’s one of
the things that caught your father’s attention, when we first met.
Just be
careful.
Promise me you’ll be safe.”
“We’ll try, Ms. Jackson,” Annabeth said.
“Keeping your son safe is a big
job, though.”
She folded her arms and glared out the kitchen window.
I
picked at my napkin and tried not to say anything.
My mom frowned.
“What’s going on with you two?
Have you been
fighting?”
Neither of us said anything.
“I see,” my mom said, and I wondered if she could see through more than
just the Mist.
It sounded like she understood what was going on with
Annabeth and me, but I sure as heck didn’t.
“Well, remember,” she said,
“Grover and Tyson are counting on you two.”
“I know,” Annabeth and I said at the same time, which embarrassed me
even more.
My mom smiled.
“Percy, you’d better use the phone in the hall.
Good
luck.”
I was relieved to get out of the kitchen, even though I was nervous about
what I was about to do.
I went to the phone and placed the call.
The number
had washed off my hand a long time ago, but that was okay.
Without
meaning to, I’d memorized it.
***
We arranged a meeting in Times Square.
We found Rachel Elizabeth Dare
in front of the Marriott Marquis, and she was completely painted gold.
I mean, her face, her hair, her clothes—everything.
She looked like she’d
been touched by King Midas.
She was standing like a statue with five other

kids all painted metallic—copper, bronze, silver.
They were frozen in
different poses while tourists hustled past or stopped to stare.
Some passerby
threw money at the tarp on the sidewalk.
The sign at Rachel’s feet said, URBAN ART FOR KIDS, DONATIONS
APPRECIATED.
Annabeth and I stood there for like five minutes, staring at Rachel, but if
she noticed us she didn’t let on.
She didn’t move or even blink that I could
see.
Being ADHD and all, I could not have done that.
Standing still that long
would’ve driven me crazy.
It was weird to see Rachel in gold, too.
She
looked like a statue of somebody famous, an actress or something.
Only her
eyes were normal green.
“Maybe if we push her over,” Annabeth suggested.
I thought that was a little mean, but Rachel didn’t respond.
After another
few minutes, a kid in silver walked up from the hotel taxi stand, where he’d
been taking a break.
He took a pose like he was lecturing the crowd, right
next to Rachel.
Rachel unfroze and stepped off the tarp.
“Hey, Percy.”
She grinned.
“Good timing!
Let’s get some coffee.”
We walked down to a place called the Java Moose on West 43rd.
Annabeth said, looking around.
“Just announce it to the world,
how about?”
“Okay.”
Rachel stood up and said really loud, “Hey, everybody!
These
two aren’t human!
They’re half Greek god!”
Nobody even looked over.
Rachel shrugged and sat down.
“They don’t
seem to care.”
“That’s not funny,” Annabeth said.
“This isn’t a joke, mortal girl.”
“Hold it, you two,” I said.
“Just calm down.”
“I’m calm,” Rachel insisted.
“Every time I’m around you, some monster
attacks us.
What’s to be nervous about?”

“Look,” I said.
“I’m really sorry about the band room.
I hope they didn’t
kick you out or anything.”
“Nah.
They asked me a lot of questions about you.
I played dumb.”
“Was it hard?”
Annabeth asked.
“Okay, stop!”
I intervened.
“Rachel, we’ve got a problem.
And we need
your help.”
Rachel narrowed her eyes at Annabeth.
“You need my help?”
Annabeth stirred her straw in her smoothie.
“Yeah,” she said suddenly.
“Maybe.”
I told Rachel about the Labyrinth, and how we needed to find Daedalus.
I
told her what had happened the last few times we’d gone in.
“So you want me to guide you,” she said.
“Through a place I’ve never
been.”
“You can see through the Mist,” I said.
“Just like Ariadne.
I’m betting you
can see the right path.
The Labyrinth won’t be able to fool you as easily.”
“And if you’re wrong?”
“Then we’ll get lost.
Either way, it’ll be dangerous.
Very, very
dangerous.”
“I could die?”
“Yeah.”
“I thought you said monsters don’t care about mortals.
That sword of
yours—”
“Yeah,” I said.
“Celestial bronze doesn’t hurt mortals.
Most monsters
would ignore you.
“He’s under the influence of a Titan,” Annabeth said defensively.
“He’s
been deceived.”
Rachel looked back and forth between us.
“Okay,” she said.
“I’m in.”
I blinked.
I hadn’t figured it would be so easy.
“Are you sure?”
“Hey, my summer was going to be boring.
This is the best offer I’ve
gotten yet.
So what do I look for?”
“We have to find an entrance to the Labyrinth,” Annabeth said.
“There’s
an entrance at Camp Half-Blood, but you can’t go there.
It’s off-limits to
mortals.”
She said mortals like it was some sort of terrible condition, but Rachel
just nodded.
“Okay.
What does an entrance to the Labyrinth look like?”

“It could be anything,” Annabeth said.
“A section of wall.
A boulder.
A
doorway.
A sewer entrance.
But it would have the mark of Daedalus on it.
A
Greek ∆, glowing in blue.”
“Like this?”
Rachel drew the symbol Delta in water on our table.
“That’s it,” Annabeth said.
“You know Greek?”
“No,” Rachel said.
She pulled a big blue plastic hairbrush from her pocket
and started brushing the gold out of her hair.
“Let me get changed.
You’d
better come with me to the Marriott.”
“Why?”
Annabeth said.
“Because there’s an entrance like that in the hotel basement, where we
store our costumes.
It’s got the mark of Daedalus.”

FOURTEEN
MY BROTHER DUELS ME TO
THE DEATH
The metal door was half hidden behind a laundry bin full of dirty hotel
towels.
I didn’t see anything strange about it, but Rachel showed me where
to look, and I recognized the faint blue symbol etched in the metal.
“It hasn’t been used in a long time,” Annabeth said.
“I tried to open it once,” Rachel said, “just out of curiosity.
It’s rusted
shut.”
“No.”
Annabeth stepped forward.
“It just needs the touch of a half-blood.”
Sure enough, as soon as Annabeth put her hand on the mark, it glowed
blue.
The metal door unsealed and creaked open, revealing a dark staircase
leading down.
“Wow.”
Rachel looked calm, but I couldn’t tell if she was pretending or
not.
She’d changed into a ratty Museum of Modern Art T-shirt and her
regular marker-colored jeans, her blue plastic hairbrush sticking out of her
pocket.
Her red hair was tied back, but she still had flecks of gold in it, and
traces of the gold glitter on her face.
“So…after you?”
“You’re the guide,” Annabeth said with mock politeness.
“Lead on.”
The stairs led down to a large brick tunnel.
It was so dark I couldn’t see
two feet in front of us, but Annabeth and I had restocked on flashlights.
As
soon as we switched them on, Rachel yelped.
A skeleton was grinning at us.
It wasn’t human.
It was huge, for one
thing—at least ten feet tall.
It had been strung up, chained by its wrists and
ankles so it made a kind of giant X over the tunnel.
But what really sent
shivers down my spine was the single black eye socket in the center of its
skull.
“A Cyclops,” Annabeth said.
“It’s very old.
It’s not…anybody we know.”
It wasn’t Tyson, she meant.
But that didn’t make me feel much better.
I
still felt like it had been put here as a warning.
Whatever could kill a grown
Cyclops, I didn’t want to meet.
Rachel swallowed.
“You have a friend who’s a Cyclops?”
“Tyson,” I said.
“My half brother.”
“Your half brother.”

“Hopefully we’ll find him down here,” I said.
“And Grover.
He’s a satyr.”
“Oh.”
Her voice was small.
“Well then, we’d better keep moving.”
She stepped under the skeleton’s left arm and kept walking.
Annabeth and
I exchanged looks.
Annabeth shrugged.
We followed Rachel deeper into the
maze.
After fifty feet we came to a crossroads.
Ahead, the brick tunnel
continued.
To the right, the walls were made of ancient marble slabs.
To the
left, the tunnel was dirt and tree roots.
I pointed left.
Annabeth frowned.
“Yeah, but the architecture to the right—those old
stones—that’s more likely to lead to an ancient part of the maze, toward
Daedalus’s workshop.”
“We need to go straight,” Rachel said.
Annabeth and I both looked at her.
“That’s the least likely choice,” Annabeth said.
“You don’t see it?”
Rachel asked.
“Look at the floor.”
I saw nothing except well-worn bricks and mud.
“There’s a brightness there,” Rachel insisted.
“Very faint.
But forward is
the correct way.
To the left, farther down the tunnel, those tree roots are
moving like feelers.
I don’t like that.
To the right, there’s a trap about twenty
feet down.
Holes in the walls, maybe for spikes.
I don’t think we should risk
it.”
I didn’t see anything like she was describing, but I nodded.
“Okay.
Forward.”
“You believe her?”
Annabeth asked.
“Yeah,” I said.
“Don’t you?”
Annabeth looked like she wanted to argue, but she waved at Rachel to
lead on.
Together we kept walking down the brick corridor.
It twisted and
turned, but there were no more side tunnels.
We seemed to be angling down,
heading deeper underground.
“No traps?”
I asked anxiously.
“Nothing.”
Rachel knit her eyebrows.
“Should it be this easy?”
“I don’t know,” I said.
“It never was before.”
“So, Rachel,” Annabeth said, “where are you from, exactly?”
She said it like, What planet are you from?
But Rachel didn’t look
offended.
“Brooklyn,” she said.
“Aren’t your parents going to be worried if you’re out late?”

Rachel exhaled.
“Not likely.
I could be gone a week and they’d never
notice.”
“Why not?”
This time Annabeth didn’t sound as sarcastic.
Having trouble
with parents was something she understood.
Before Rachel could answer, there was a creaking noise in front of us, like
huge doors opening.
“What was that?”
Annabeth asked.
“I don’t know,” Rachel said.
“Metal hinges.”
“Oh, that’s very helpful.
I mean, what is it?”
Then I heard heavy footsteps shaking the corridor—coming toward us.
“Run?”
I asked.
“Run,” Rachel agreed.
We turned and fled the way we’d come, but we didn’t make it twenty feet
before we ran straight into some old friends.
Two dracaenae—snake women
in Greek armor—leveled their javelins at our chests.
Standing between them
was Kelli, the empousa cheerleader.
“Well, well,” Kelli said.
I uncapped Riptide, and Annabeth pulled her knife; but before my sword
was even out of pen form, Kelli pounced on Rachel.
Her hand turned into a
claw and she spun Rachel around, holding her tight with her talons at
Rachel’s neck.
“Taking your little mortal pet for a walk?”
Kelli asked me.
“They’re such
fragile things.
So easy to break!”
Behind us, the footsteps came closer.
A huge form appeared out of the
gloom—an eight-foot-tall Laistrygonian giant with red eyes and fangs.
The giant licked his lips when he saw us.
“Can I eat them?”
“No,” Kelli said.
“Your master will want these.
They will provide a great
deal of entertainment.”
She smiled at me.
“Now march, half-bloods.
Or you
all die here, starting with the mortal girl.”
***
It was pretty much my worst nightmare.
And believe me, I’ve had plenty
of nightmares.
We were marched down the tunnel, flanked by dracaenae,
with Kelli and the giant in back, just in case we tried to run for it.
Nobody
seemed to worry about us running forward.
That was the direction they
wanted us to go.
Up ahead I could see bronze doors.
They were about ten feet tall,
emblazoned with a pair of crossed swords.
From behind them came a
muffled roar, like from a crowd.
“Oh, yessssss,” said the snake woman on my left.
“You’ll be very popular
with our hossssst.”
I’d never gotten to look at a dracaena up close before, and I wasn’t real
thrilled to have the opportunity.
She would’ve had a beautiful face, except
her tongue was forked and her eyes were yellow with black slits for pupils.
She wore bronze armor that stopped at her waist.
Below that, where her legs
should’ve been, were two massive snake trunks, mottled bronze and green.
She moved by a combination of slithering and walking, as if she were on
living skis.
“Who’s your host?”
I asked.
She hissed, which might have been a laugh.
“Oh, you’ll sssssee.
You’ll
get along furiousssly.
He’ssss your brother, after all.”
“My what?”
Immediately I thought of Tyson, but that was impossible.
What was she talking about?
The giant pushed past us and opened the doors.
He picked up Annabeth
by her shirt and said, “You stay here.”
“Hey!”
she protested, but the guy was twice her size and he’d already
confiscated her knife and my sword.
Kelli laughed.
She still had her claws at Rachel’s neck.
“Go on, Percy.
Entertain us.
We’ll wait here with your friends to make sure you behave.”
I looked at Rachel.
“I’m sorry.
I’ll get you out of this.”
She nodded as much as she could with a demon at her throat.
“That would
be nice.”
The dracaenae prodded me toward the doorway at javelin-point, and I
walked out onto the floor of an arena.
***
I guess it wasn’t the largest arena I’d ever been in, but it seemed pretty
spacious considering the whole place was underground.
The dirt floor was
circular, just big enough that you could drive a car around the rim if you
pulled it really tight.
In the center of the arena, a fight was going on between
a giant and a centaur.
The centaur looked panicked.
He was galloping
around his enemy, using sword and shield, while the giant swing a javelin
the size of a telephone pole and the crowd cheered.
The first tier of seats was twelve feet above the arena floor.
Plain stone
benches wrapped all the way around, and every seat was full.
There were
giants, dracaenae, demigods, telekhines, and stranger things: bat-winged
demons and creatures that seemed half human and half you name it—bird,
reptile, insect, mammal.
But the creepiest things were the skulls.
The arena was full of them.
They
ringed the edge of the railing.
Three-foot-high piles of them decorated the
steps between the benches.
They grinned from pikes at the back of the stands
and hung on chains from the ceiling like horrible chandeliers.
Some of them
looked very old—nothing but bleached-white bone.
Others looked a lot
fresher.
I’m not going to describe them.
Believe me, you don’t want me to.
In the middle of all this, proudly displayed on the side of the spectator’s
wall, was something that made no sense to me—a green banner with the
trident of Poseidon in the center.
What was that doing in a horrible place like
this?
Above the banner, sitting in a seat of honor, was an old enemy.
I glanced over at Annabeth and Rachel.
I had to find a way to get them
free, maybe distract their guards.
“Nice job, Percy.”
Desperately, I glanced to either
side, and I caught Annabeth’s eye.
The earth
, I thought.
What had Annabeth been trying to tell me?
Antaeus’s mother was Gaea the earth mother, the most ancient goddess of all.
“Yeah, and you’re Annabeth.
I remember.”
“What—what happened to your eye?”
Ethan looked away, and I got the feeling that was one subject he would
not discuss.
“You must be the half-blood from my dream,” I said.
“Who’s Nico?”
“Never mind,” Annabeth said quickly.
“Why were you trying to join up
with the wrong side?”

Ethan sneered.
“There’s no right side.
The gods never cared about us.
Why shouldn’t I—”
“Sign up with an army that makes you fight to the death for
entertainment?”
Annabeth said.
“Gee, I wonder.”
Ethan struggled to his feet.
“I’m not going to argue with you.
Thanks for
the help, but I’m out of here.”
“We’re going after Daedalus,” I said.
“Come with us.
Once we get
through, you’d be welcome back at camp.”
“You really are crazy if you think Daedalus will help you.”
“He has to,” Annabeht said.
“We’ll make him listen.”
Ethan snorted.
“Yeah, well.
Good luck with that.”
I grabbed his arm.
“You’re just going to head off alone into the maze?
That’s suicide.”
He looked at me with barely controlled anger.
His eye patch was frayed
around the edges and the black cloth was faded, like he’d been wearing it a
long, long time.
“You shouldn’t have spared me, Jackson.
Mercy has no
place in this war.”
Then he ran off into the darkness, back the way we’d come.
***
Annabeth, Rachel, and I were so exhausted we made camp right there in
the huge room.
I found some scrap wood and we started a fire.
Shadows
danced off the columns rising around us like trees.
Now, whenever Annabeth made a sarcastic comment, Rachel hardly
bothered to answer.
She’d burned the tip of a stick in the fire and was using

it to draw ash figures on the floor, images of the monsters we’d seen.
With a
few strokes, she caught the likeness of a dracaena perfectly.
“We’ll follow the path,” she said.
“The brightness on the floor.”
“The brightness that led us straight into a trap?”
Annabeth asked.
“Lay off her, Annabeth,” I said.
“She’s doing the best she can.”
Annabeth stood.
“The fire’s getting low.
I’ll go look for some more scraps
while you guys talk strategy.”
And she marched off into the shadows.
Rachel drew another figure with her stick—an ashy Antaeus dangling
from his chains.
“Annabeth’s usually not like this,” I told her.
“I don’t know what her
problem is.”
Rachel raised her eyebrows.
“Are you sure you don’t know?”
“What do you mean?”
“Boys,” she muttered.
“Totally blind.”
“Hey, don’t you get on my case, too!
Look, I’m sorry I got you involved
in this.”
“No, you were right,” she said.
“I can see the path.
I can’t explain it, but
it’s really clear.”
She pointed toward the other end of the room, into the
darkness.
“The workshop is that way.
The heart of the maze.
We’re very
close now.
I don’t know why the path led through that arena.
I—I’m sorry
about that.
I thought you were going to die.”
She sounded like she was close to crying.
“Hey, I’m usually about to die,” I promised.
“Don’t feel bad.”
She studied my face.
“So you do this every summer?
Fight monsters?
Save the world?
Don’t you ever get to do just, you know, normal stuff?”
I’d never really thought about it like that.
The last time I’d had something
like a normal life had been…well, never.
“Half-bloods get used to it, I guess.
Or maybe not used to it, but…” I shifted uncomfortably.
“What about you?
What do you do normally?”
Rachel shrugged.
“I paint.
I read a lot.”
Okay, I thought.
So far we are scoring a zero on the similarities chart.
“What about your family?”
I could sense her mental shields going up, like this was not a safe subject.
“Oh…they’re just, you know, family.”
“You said they wouldn’t notice if you were gone.”
She set down her drawing stick.
“Wow, I’m really tired.
I may sleep for a
while, okay?”
“Oh, sure.
Sorry if…”

But Rachel was already curling up, using her backpack as a pillow.
She
closed her eyes and lay very still, but I got the feeling she wasn’t really
asleep.
A few minutes later, Annabeth came back.
She tossed some more sticks
on the fire.
She looked at Rachel, then at me.
“I’ll take first watch,” she said.
“You should sleep, too.”
“You don’t have to act like that.”
“Like what?”
“Like…never mind.”
I lay down, feeling miserable.
I was so tired I fell
asleep as soon as my eyes closed.
***
In my dreams I heard laughter.
Cold, harsh laughter, like knives being
sharpened.
I was standing at the edge of a pit in the depths of Tartarus.
Below me the
darkness seethed like inky soup.
“So close to your own destruction, little hero,” the voice of Kronos chided.
“And still you are blind.”
The voice was different than it had been before.
It seemed almost physical
now, as if it were speaking from a real body instead of…whatever he’d been
in his chopped-up condition.
“I have much to thank you for,” Kronos said.
“You have assured my rise.”
The shadows in the cavern became deeper and heavier.
I tried to back
away from the edge of the pit, but it was like swimming through oil.
Time
slowed down.
My breathing almost stopped.
“A favor,” Kronos said.
“The Titan lord always pays his debts.
Perhaps a
glimpse of the friends you abandoned…”
The darkness rippled around me, and I was in a different cave.
“Hurry!”
Tyson said.
He came barreling into the room.
Grover stumbled
along behind him.
There was a rumbling in the corridor they’d come from,
and the head of an enormous snake burst into the cave.
I mean, this thing
was so big its body barely fit through the tunnel.
Its scales were coppery.
Its
head was diamond-shaped like a rattler, and its yellow eyes glowed with
hatred.
When it opened its mouth, its fangs were as tall as Tyson.
The whole cave seemed about to collapse…
***
I woke with Annabeth shaking my shoulder.
“Percy, wake up!”
“Tyson—Tyson’s in trouble!”
I said.
“We have to help him!”
“First things first,” she said.
“Earthquake!”
Sure enough, the room was rumbling.
“Rachel!”
I yelled.
Her eyes opened instantly.
She grabbed her pack, and the three of us ran.
We were almost to the far tunnel when a column next to us groaned and
buckled.
We kept going as a hundred tons of marble crashed down behind us.
We made it to the corridor and turned just in time to see the other columns
toppling.
A cloud of white dust billowed over us, and we kept running.
“You know what?” Annabeth said.
“I like this way after all.”
It wasn’t long before we saw light up ahead—like regular electric lighting.
“There,” Rachel said.
We followed her into a stainless steel hallway, like I imagined they’d
have on a space station or something.
Fluorescent lights glowed from the
ceiling.
The floor was a metal grate.
I was so used to being in the darkness that I had to squint.
Annabeth and
Rachel both looked pale in the harsh illumination.
“This way,” Rachel said, beginning to run.
“We’re close!”
“This is so wrong!”
Annabeth said.
“The workshop should be in the oldest
section of the maze.
This can’t—”
She faltered, because we’d arrived at a set of metal double doors.
Inscribed in the steel, at eye level, was a large blue Greek ∆.

“We’re here,” Rachel announced.
“Daedalus’s workshop.”
***
Annabeth pressed the symbol on the doors and they hissed open.
“So much for ancient architecture,” I said.
Annabeth scowled.
Together we walked inside.
The first thing that struck me was the daylight—blazing sun coming
through giant windows.
Not the kind of thing you expect in the heart of a
dungeon.
The workshop was like an artist’s studio, with thirty-foot ceilings
and industrial lighting, polished stone floors, and workbenches along with
windows.
A spiral staircase led up to a second-story loft.
Half a dozen easels
displayed hand-drawn diagrams for buildings and machines that looked like
Leonardo da Vinci sketches.
Several laptop computers were scattered around
on the tables.
Glass jars of green oil—Greek fire—lined one shelf.
There
were inventions, too—weird metal machines I couldn’t make sense of.
One
was a bronze chair with a bunch of electrical wires attached to it, like some
kind of torture device.
In another corner stood a giant metal egg about the
size of a man.
There was a grandfather clock that appeared to be made
entirely of glass, so you could see all the gears turning.
And hanging on the
wall were several sets of bronze and silver wings.
“Di immortals,” Annabeth muttered.
She ran to the nearest easel and
looked at the sketch.
“He’s a genius.
Look at the curves on this building!”
“And an artist,” Rachel said in amazement.
“These wings are amazing!”
The wings looked more advanced than the ones I’d seen in my dreams.
The feathers were more tightly interwoven.
Instead of wax seals, selfadhesive strips ran down the sides.
I kept my hand on Riptide.
Apparently Daedalus was not at home, but the
workshop looked like it had been recently used.
The laptops were running
their screen savers.
A half-eaten blueberry muffin and a coffee cup sat on a
workbench.
I walked to the window.
The view outside was amazing.
I recognized the
Rocky Mountains in the distance.
We were high up in the foothills, at least
five hundred feet, and down below a valley spread out, filled with a tumbled
collection of red mesas and boulders and spires of stone.
It looked like some
huge kid had been building a toy city with skyscraper-size blocks, and then
decided to knock it over.
“Where are we?”
I wondered.
“Colorado Springs,” A voice said behind us.
“The Garden of the Gods.”

Standing on the spiral staircase above us, with his weapon drawn, was our
missing sword master Quintus.
***
“You,” Annabeth said.
“What have you done with Daedalus?”
Quintus smiled faintly.
“Trust me, my dear.
You don’t want to meet him.”
“Look, Mr. Traitor,” she growled, “I didn’t fight a dragon woman and a
three-bodied man and a psychotic Sphinx to see you.
Now where is
DAEDALUS?”
Quintus came down the stairs, holding his sword at his side.
He was
dressed in jeans and boots and his counselor’s T-shirt from Camp HalfBlood, which seemed like an insult now that we knew he was a spy.
I didn’t
know if I could beat him in a sword fight.
He was pretty good.
But I figured
I would have to try.
“You think I’m an agent of Kronos,” he said.
“Well, duh,” said Annabeth.
“You’re an intelligent girl,” he said.
“But you’re wrong.
You made yourself a new body.”
“Percy,” Annabeth said uneasily, “that’s not possible.
That—that can’t be
an automaton.”
Quintus chuckled.
“Do you know what Quintus means, my dear?”
“The fifth, in Latin.
But—”
“This is my fifth body.”
The swordsman held out his forearm.
He pressed
his elbow and part of his wrist popped open—a rectangular hatch in his skin.
Underneath, bronze gears whirred.
Wires glowed.
“That’s amazing!”
Rachel said.
“That’s weird,” I said.
“You found a way to transfer your animus into a machine?”
Annabeth
said.
“That’s…not natural.”
“Oh, I assure you, my dear, it’s still me.
I’m still very much Daedalus.
Our mother, Athena, makes sure I never forget that.”
He tugged back the
collar of his shirt.
At the base of his neck was the mark I’d seen before—the
dark shape of a bird grafted to his skin.
“A murderer’s brand,” Annabeth said.
“For your nephew, Perdix,” I guessed.
“The boy you pushed off the
tower.”
Quintus’s face darkened.
“I did not push him.
I simply—”
“Made him lose his balance,” I said.
“Let him die.”
Quintus gazed out the windows at the purple mountains.
“I regret what I
did, Percy.
I was angry and bitter.
But I cannot take it back, and Athena

never lets me forget.
As Perdix died, she turned him into a small bird—a
partridge.
She branded the bird’s shape on my neck as a reminder.
No matter
what body I take, the brand appears on my skin.”
I looked into his eyes, and I realized he was the same man I’d seen in my
dreams.
His face might be totally different, but the same soul was in there—
the same intelligence and all the sadness.
“You really are Daedalus,” I decided.
“But why did you come to the camp?
Why spy on us?”
“To see if your camp was worth saving.
“The maze is no longer mine to
control, Annabeth.
I created it, yes.
In fact, it is tied to my life force.
But I
have allowed it to live and grow on its own.
That is the price I paid for
privacy.”
“Privacy from what?”
“The gods,” he said.
“And death.
I have been alive for two millennia, my
dear, hiding from death.”
“But how can you hide from Hades?”
I asked.
“I mean…Hades has the
Furies.”
“They do not know everything,” he said.
“Or see everything.
You have
encountered them, Percy.
You know this is true.
A clever man can hide quite
a long time, and I have buried myself very deep.
Only my greatest enemy
has kept after me, and even him I have thwarted.”
“You mean Minos,” I said.
Daedalus nodded.
“He hunts for me relentlessly.
Now that he is a judge of
the dead, he would like nothing better than for me to come before him so he
can punish me for my crimes.
After the daughters of Cocalus killed him,
Minos’s ghost began torturing me in my dreams.
He promised that he would
hunt me down.
I did the only thing I could.
I retreated from the world
completely.
I descended into my Labyrinth.
I decided this would be my
ultimate accomplishment: I would cheat death.”
“And you did,” Annabeth marveled, “for two thousand years.”
She
sounded kind of impressed, despite the horrible things Daedalus had done.
Just then a loud bark echoed from the corridor.
I heard the ba-BUMP, baBUMP, ba-BUMP of huge paws, and Mrs. O’Leary bounded into the

workshop.
She licked my face once, then almost knocked Daedalus over
with an enthusiastic leap.
“There is my old friend!”
Daedalus said, scratching Mrs. O’Leary behind
the ears.
“My only companion all these long lonely years.”
“You let her save me,” I said.
“That whistle actually worked.”
Daedalus nodded.
“Of course it did, Percy.
You have a good heart.
And I
knew Mrs. O’Leary liked you.
I wanted to help you.
Perhaps I—I felt guilty,
as well.”
“Guilty about what?”
“That your quest would be in vain.”
“What?” Annabeth said.
“But you can still help us.
You have to!
Annabeth said.
She gasped, “No…school…spirit…”
And Annabeth took her knife out of the empousa’s back.
With an awful
screech, Kelli dissolved into yellow vapor.
Annabeth helped me up.
I still felt dizzy, but we had no time to lose.
Mrs.
O’Leary and Daedalus were still locked in combat with the giants, and I
could hear shouting in the tunnel.
More monsters were coming toward the
workshop.
“We have to help Daedalus!”
I said.
“No time,” Rachel said.
“Too many coming!”
She’d already fitted herself with wings and was working on Nico, who
looked pale and sweaty from his struggle with Minos.
The wings grafted
instantly to his back and arms.
“Now you!”
she told me.
In seconds, Nico, Annabeth, Rachel, and I had fitted ourselves with
coppery wings.
Already I could feel myself being lifted by the wind coming
through the window.
Greek fire was burning the tables and furniture,
spreading up the circular stairs.
“Daedalus!”
I yelled.
“Come on!”
He was cut in a hundred places—but he was bleeding golden oil instead
of blood.
He’d found his sword and was using part of a smashed table as a
shield against the giants.
“I won’t leave Mrs. O’Leary!”
he said.
“Go!”
There was no time to argue.
Even if we stayed, I wasn’t sure we could
help.
“None of us know how to fly!”
Nico protested.
“Great time to find out,” I said.
And together, the four of us jumped out
the window into open sky.
SIXTEEN
I OPEN A COFFIN
Jumping out a window five hundred feet aboveground is not usually my
idea of fun.
Especially when I’m wearing bronze wings and flapping my
arms like a duck.
I plummeted toward the valley and the red rocks below.
I was pretty sure I
was going to become a grease spot in the Garden of the Gods, as Annabeth
yelled from somewhere above me, “Spread your arms!
Keep them
extended.”
The small part of my brain that wasn’t engulfed in panic heard her, and
my arms responded.
As soon as I spread them out, the wings stiffened,
caught the wind, and my descent slowed.
I soared downward, but at a
controlled angle, like a kite in a dive.
Experimentally, I flapped my arms once.
I arced into the sky, the wind
whistling in my ears.
“Yeah!”
I yelled.
The feeling was unbelievable.
After getting the hang of
it, I felt like the wings were part of my body.
I could soar and swoop and
dive anywhere I wanted to.
I turned and saw my friends—Rachel, Annabeth, and Nico—spiraling
above me, glinting in the sunlight.
Behind them, smoke billowed from the
windows of Daedalus’s workshop.
“Land!”
Annabeth yelled.
“These wings won’t last forever.”
“How long?”
Rachel asked.
“I don’t want to find out!”
Annabeth said.
We swooped down toward the Garden of the Gods.
I did a complete circle
around one of the rock spires and freaked out a couple of climbers.
Then the
four of us soared across the valley, over a road, and landed on the terrace of
the visitor center.
It was late afternoon and the place looked pretty empty,
but we ripped off our wings as quickly as we could.
Looking at them, I could
see Annabeth was right.
The self-adhesive seals that bound the wings to our
backs were already melting, and we were shedding bronze feathers.
It
seemed a shame, but we couldn’t fix them, and couldn’t leave them around
for the mortals, so we stuffed the wings in trash bins outside the cafeteria.
I used the tourist binocular camera to look up at the hill where Daedalus’s
workshop had been, but it had vanished.
No more smoke.
No broken
windows.
Just the side of a hill.
“The workshop moved,” Annabeth guessed.
“There’s no telling where.”
“So what do we do now?”
I asked.
“How do we get back in the maze?”
Annabeth gazed at the summit of Pikes Peak in the distance.
“Maybe we
can’t.
If Daedalus died…he said his life force was tied into the Labyrinth.
The whole thing might’ve been destroyed.
“So we need a car to take us into the city,” Annabeth said.
Rachel looked down into the parking lot.
She grimaced, as if she were
about to do something she regretted.
“I’ll take care of it.”
“How?” Annabeth asked.
“Just trust me.”
Annabeth looked uneasy, but she nodded.
“Okay, I’m going to buy a
prism in the gift shop, try to make a rainbow, and send an Iris-message to
camp.”
“I’ll go with you,” Nico said.
“I’m hungry.”

“I’ll stick with Rachel, then,” I said.
“Meet you guys in the parking lot.”
Rachel frowned like she didn’t want me with her.
That made me feel kind
of bad, but I followed her down to the parking lot anyway.
She headed toward a big black car parked at the edge of the lot.
It was a
chauffeured Lexus, like the kind I always saw driving around Manhattan.
The driver was out front, reading a newspaper.
He wore a dark suit and tie.
“What are you going to do?”
I asked Rachel.
“Just wait here,” she said miserably.
“Please.”
Rachel marched straight up to the driver and talked to him.
He frowned.
Rachel said something else.
He turned pale and hastily folded up his
magazine.
He nodded and fumbled for his cell phone.
After a brief call, he
opened the back door of the car for Rachel to get in.
She pointed back in my
direction, and the driver bobbed his head some more, like Yes, ma’am.
Whatever you want.
I couldn’t figure out why he was acting so flustered.
Rachel came back to get me just as Nico and Annabeth appeared from the
gift shop.
“I talked to Chiron,” Annabeth said.
“They’re doing their best to prepare
for battle, but he still wants us back.
They’re going to need every hero they
can get.
Did we find a ride?”
“The driver’s ready when we are,” Rachel said.
The chauffeur was now talking to another guy in khakis and a polo shirt,
probably his client who’d rented the car.
The client was complaining, but I
could hear the driver saying, “I’m sorry, sir.
Emergency.
I’ve ordered
another car for you.”
“Come on,” Rachel said.
She led us to the car and got in without even
looking at the flustered guy who’d rented it.
A minute later we were cruising
down the road.
The seats were leather.
There was plenty of legroom.
The
backseat had flat-panel TVs built into the headrests and a mini-fridge
stocked with bottled water, sodas, and snacks.
We started pigging out.
“Where to, Miss Dare?”
the driver asked.
“I’m not sure yet, Robert,” she said.
“We just need to drive through town
and, uh, look around.”
“Whatever you say, miss.”
I looked at Rachel.
“Do you know this guy?”
“No.”
“But he dropped everything to help you.
Why?”
“Just keep your eyes peeled,” she said.
“Help me look.”
Which didn’t exactly answer my question.
We drove through Colorado Springs for about half an hour and saw
nothing that Rachel considered a possible Labyrinth entrance.
I was very
aware of Rachel’s shoulder pressing against mine.
I kept wondering who she
was exactly, and how she could walk up to some random chauffeur and
immediately get a ride.
After about an hour we decided to head north toward Denver, thinking
that maybe a bigger city would be more likely to have a Labyrinth entrance,
but we were all getting nervous.
We were losing time.
Then right as we were leaving Colorado Springs, Rachel sat bolt upright.
“Get off the highway!”
The driver glanced back.
“Miss?”
“I saw something, I think.
Get off here.”
The driver swerved across traffic and took the exit.
“What did you see?”
I asked, because we were pretty much out of the city
now.
There wasn’t anything around except hills, grassland, and some
scattered farm buildings.
Rachel had the driver turn down this unpromising
dirt road.
We drove by a sign too fast for me to read it, but Rachel said,
“Western Museum of Mining & Industry.”
For a museum, it didn’t look like much—a little house like an oldfashioned railroad station, some drills and pumps and old steam shovels on
display outside.
“There.”
Rachel pointed to a hole in the side of a nearby hill—a tunnel
that was boarded up and chained.
“An old mine entrance.”
“A door to the Labyrinth?”
Annabeth asked.
“How can you be sure?”
“Well, look at it!”
Rachel said.
“I mean…I can see it, okay?”
She thanked the driver and we all got out.
He didn’t ask for money or
anything.
“Are you sure you’ll be all right, Miss Dare?
I’d be happy to call
your—”
“No!”
Rachel said.
“No, really.
Thanks, Robert.
But we’re fine.”
The museum seemed to be closed, so nobody bothered us as we climbed
the hill to the mine shaft.
When we got to the entrance, I saw the mark of
Daedalus engraved on the padlock, though how Rachel had seen something
so tiny all the way from the highway I had no idea.
I touched the padlock
and the chains fell away.
We kicked down a few boards and walked inside.
For better or worse, we were back in the Labyrinth.
***

The dirt tunnels turned to stone.
They wound around and split off and
basically tried to confuse us, but Rachel had no trouble guiding us.
We told
her we needed to get back to New York, and she hardly even paused when
the tunnels offered a choice.
To my surprise, Rachel and Annabeth started up a conversation as we
walked.
Annabeth asked her more about her background, but Rachel was
evasive, so they started talking about architecture.
It turned out that Rachel
knew something about it from studying art.
They talked about different
facades on buildings around New York—“Have you seen this one,” blah,
blah, blah, so I hung back and walked next to Nico in uncomfortable silence.
“Thanks for coming after us,” I told him at last.
Nico’s eyes narrowed.
He didn’t seem as angry as he used to—just
suspicious, careful.
“I owed you for the ranch, Percy.
Plus…I wanted to see
Daedalus for myself.
Minos was right, in a way.
Daedalus should die.
Nobody should be able to avoid death that long.
It’s not natural.”
“That’s what you were after all along,” I said.
“Trading Daedalus’s soul
for your sister’s.”
Nico walked for another fifty yards before answering.
“It hasn’t been easy,
you know.
Having only the dead for company.
Knowing that I’ll never be
accepted by the living.
Only the dead respect me, and they only do that out
of fear.”
“You could be accepted,” I said.
“You could have friends at camp.”
He stared at me.
“Do you really believe that, Percy?”
I didn’t answer.
The truth was, I didn’t know.
Nico had always been a
little different, but since Bianca’s death, he’d gotten almost…scary.
He had
his father’s eyes—that intense, manic fire that made you suspect he was
either a genius or a madman.
And the way he’d banished Minos, and called
himself the king of ghosts—it was kind of impressive, but it made me
uncomfortable too.
Before I could figure out what to tell him, I ran into Rachel, who’d
stopped in front of me.
We’d come to a crossroads.
The tunnel continued
straight ahead, but a side tunnel T’d off to the right—a circular shaft carved
from volcanic rock.
“What is it?”
I asked.
Rachel stared down the dark tunnel.
In the dim flashlight beam, her face
looked like one of Nico’s specters.
“Is it that way?”
Annabeth asked.
“No,” Rachel said nervously.
“Not at all.”
“Why are we stopping then?”
I asked.
“Listen,” Nico said.
I heard wind coming down the tunnel, as if the exit were close.
And I
smelled something vaguely familiar—something that brought back bad
memories.
“Eucalyptus trees,” I said.
“Like in California.”
Annabeth and I exchanged glances.
What I didn’t say: I was also worried about Annabeth.
Annabeth took her Yankees cap out of her pocket.
“At least take this.
And
be careful.”
“Thanks.”
I remembered the last time Annabeth and I had parted ways,
when she’d given me a kiss for luck in Mount St. Helens.
This time, all I got
was the hat.
I put it on.
“Here goes nothing.”
And I sneaked invisibly down the dark
stone tunnel.
***
Before I even got to the exit I heard voices: the growling, barking sounds
of sea-demon smiths, the telekhines.
“At least we salvaged the blade,” one said.
“The master will still reward
us.”
“Yes!
Yes!”
a second shrieked.
“Rewards beyond measure!”
Another voice, this one more human, said: “Um, yeah, well that’s great.
Now, if you’re done with me—”
“No, half-blood!”
a telekhine said.
“You must help us make the
presentation.
It is a great honor!”
“Gee, thanks,” the half-blood said, and I realized it was Ethan Nakamura,
the guy who’d run away after I’d saved his sorry life in the arena.
I crept toward the end of the tunnel.
I had to remind myself I was invisible.
They shouldn’t be able to see me.
A blast of cold air hit me as I emerged.
I was standing near the top of
Mount Tam.
The Pacific Ocean spread out below, gray under a cloudy sky.
About twenty feet downhill, two telekhines were placing something on a big
rock—something long and thin and wrapped in a black cloth.
Ethan was
helping them open it.
“Careful, fool,” the telekhine scolded.
“One touch, and the blade will
sever your soul from your body.”
Ethan swallowed nervously.
“Maybe I’ll let you unwrap it, then.”
I glanced up at the mountain’s peak, where a black marble fortress
loomed, just like I’d seen in my dreams.
It reminded me of an oversized
mausoleum, with walls fifty feet high.
I had no idea how mortals could miss
the fact that it was here.
But then again, everything below the summit
seemed fuzzy to me, as if there were a thick veil between me and the lower
half of the mountain.
There was magic going on here—really powerful Mist.
Above me, the sky swirled into a huge funnel cloud.
I couldn’t see Atlas, but
I could hear him groaning in the distance, still laboring under the weight of
the sky, just beyond the fortress.
“There!”
the telekhine said.
Reverently, he lifted the weapon, and my
blood turned to ice.
It was a scythe—a six foot-long blade curved like a crescent moon, with a
wooden handle wrapped in leather.
The blade glinted two different colors—
steel and bronze.
It was the weapon of Kronos, the one he’d used to slice up
his father, Ouranos, before the gods had taken it away from him and cut
Kronos to pieces, casting him into Tartarus.
Now the weapon was re-forged.
“We must sanctify it in blood,” the telekhine said.
“Then you, half-blood,
shall help present it when the lord awakes.”
I ran toward the fortress, my pulse pounding in my ears.
I didn’t want to
get anywhere close to that horrible black mausoleum, but I knew what I had
to do.
I had to stop Kronos from rising.
This might be my only chance.
I dashed through a dark foyer and into the main hall.
The floor shined like
a mahogany piano—pure black and yet full of light.
Black marble statues
lined the walls.
I didn’t recognize the faces, but I knew I was looking at
images of the Titans who’d ruled before the gods.
At the end of the room,
between two bronze braziers, was a dais.
And on the dais, the golden
sarcophagus.
The room was silent except for the crackle of the fires.
My limbs were freed and I ran straight into Rachel, Nico, and
Annabeth, who were standing in the entry hall, their eyes filled with dismay.
Annabeth had been crying the entire time we’d been running.
Now she
collapsed and put her head between her knees.
Her sobs echoed in the tunnel.
Nico
and I sat next to each other.
He dropped his sword next to mine and
took a shaky breath.
“That sucked,” he said, which I thought summed things up pretty well.
“You saved our lives,” I said.
Nico wiped the dust off his face.
“Blame the girls for dragging me along.
That’s the only thing they could agree on.
We needed to help you or you’d
mess things up.”
“Nice that they trust me so much,” I shined my flashlight across the
cavern.
Water dripped from the stalactites like a slow-motion rain.
“Nico…you, uh, kind of gave yourself away.”
“What do you mean?”
“That wall of black stone?
That was pretty impressive.
If Kronos didn’t
know who you were before, he does now—a child of the Underworld.”
Nico frowned.
“Big deal.”
I let it drop.
I figured he was just trying to hide how scared he was, and I
couldn’t blame him.
Annabeth lifted her head.
Her eyes were red from crying.
“No,” Annabeth said.
“That can’t be true.
He couldn’t—”

“He gave himself over to Kronos,” I said.
“I’m sorry, Annabeth.
Annabeth turned on her.
“Stay out of it, mortal girl!
If it wasn’t for
you…”
Whatever she was going to say, her voice broke.
She put her head down
and sobbed miserably.
I wanted to comfort her, but I didn’t know how.
I still
felt stunned, like Kronos’s time-slow effect had affected my brain.
I just
couldn’t comprehend what I’d seen.
Kronos was alive.
He was armed.
And
the end of the world was probably close at hand.
“We have to keep moving,” Nico said.
“He’ll send monsters after us.”
Nobody was in any shape to run, but Nico was right.
I hauled myself up
and helped Rachel to her feet.
“You did good back there,” I told her.
She managed a weak smile.
“Yeah, well.
I didn’t want you to die.”
She
blushed.
“I mean…just because, you know.
You owe me too many favors.
How am I going to collect if you die?”
I knelt next to Annabeth.
“Hey, I’m sorry.
We need to move.”
“I know,” she said.
“I’m…I’m all right.”
She was clearly not all right.
But she got to her feet, and we started
straggling back through the Labyrinth again.
“Back to New York,” I said.
“Rachel, can you—”
I froze.
A few feet in front of us, my flashlight beam fixed on a trampled
clump of red fabric lying on the ground.
It was a Rasta cap: the one Grover
always wore.
***

My hands shook as I picked up the cap.
It looked like it had been stepped
on by a huge muddy boot.
Tyson told Rachel she was pretty, which made Annabeth’s nostrils flare like
she was going to blow fire.
“Anyway,” I said.
“Come on, Grover.
Lean on me.”
Annabeth and I helped him up, and together we waded across the
underground river.
The current was strong.
The water came up to our waists.
I willed myself to stay dry, which is a handy little ability, but that didn’t help
the others, and I could still feel the cold, like wading through a snowdrift.
“I think we’re in Carlsbad Caverns,” Annabeth said, her teeth chattering.
“Maybe an unexplored section.”
“How do you know?”
“Carlsbad is in New Mexico,” she said.
“That would explain last winter.”
I nodded.
Grover’s swooning episode had happened when we passed
through New Mexico.
That’s where he’d felt closest to the power of Pan.
We got out of the water and kept walking.
As the crystal pillars loomed
larger, I started to feel the power emanating from the next room.
I’d been in
the presence of gods before, but this was different.
My skin tingled with
living energy.
My weariness fell away, as if I’d just gotten a good night’s
sleep.
I could feel myself growing stronger, like one of those plants in a
time-lapse video.
And the scent coming from the cave was nothing like the
dank wet underground.
It smelled of trees and flowers and a warm summer
day.
Grover whimpered with excitement.
I was too stunned to talk.
Even Nico
seemed speechless.
We stepped into the cave, and Rachel said, “Oh, wow.”
The walls glittered with crystals—red, green, and blue.
In the strange light,
beautiful plants grew—giant orchids, star-shaped flowers, vines bursting
with orange and purple berries that crept among the crystals.
The cave floor
was covered with green moss.
Overhead, the ceiling was higher than a
cathedral, sparkling like a galaxy of stars.
In the center of the cave stood a
Roman-style bed, gilded wood shaped like a curly U, with velvet cushions.
Animals lounged around it—but they were animals that shouldn’t have been
alive.
There was a dodo bird, something that looked like a cross between a
wolf and a tiger, a huge rodent like the mother of all guinea pigs, and

roaming behind the bed, picking berries with its trunk, was a wooly
mammoth.
On the bed lay an old satyr.
He watched us as we approached, his eyes as
blue as the sky.
His curly hair was white and so was his pointed beard.
Even
the goat fur on his legs was frosted with gray.
His horns were enormous—
glossy brown and curved.
Annabeth said.
“It’s better than any
building ever designed.”
“I am glad you like it, dear,” Pan said.
“It is one of the last wild places.
My realm above is gone, I’m afraid.
Only pockets remain.
Tiny pieces of life.
This one shall stay undisturbed…for a little longer.”
Annabeth’s eyes widened.
“The old story.
A sailor passing by the coast of
Ephesos heard a voice crying from the shore, ‘Tell them the great god Pan is
dead.’”
“But that wasn’t true!”
He turned to Annabeth.
“Daughter of Athena, your time is coming.
You
will play a great role, though it may not be the role you imagined.”
Then he looked at Tyson.
“Master Cyclops, do not despair.
Heroes rarely
live up to our expectations.
But you, Tyson—your name shall live among
the Cyclopes for generations.
And Miss Rachel Dare…”
Rachel flinched when he said her name.
She backed up like she was guilty
of something, but Pan only smiled.
He raised his hand in a blessing.
“I know you believe you cannot make amends,” he said.
“But you are just
as important as your father.”
“I—” Rachel faltered.
A tear traced her cheek.
“I know you don’t believe this now,” Pan said.
“But look for
opportunities.
They will come.”
Finally he turned back toward Grover.
“My dear satyr,” Pan said kindly,
“will you carry my message?”
“I—I can’t.”
“You can,” Pan said.
“You are the strongest and the bravest.
Your heart is
true.
You have believed in me more than anyone ever has, which is why you
must bring the message, and why you must be the first to release me.”
“I don’t want to.”
“I know,” the god said.
“But my name, Pan…originally it meant rustic.
Did you know that?
But over the years it has come to mean all.
The spirit of
the wild must pass to all of you now.
You must tell each one you meet: if
you would find Pan, take up Pan’s spirit.
Remake the wild, a little at a time,
each in your own corner of the world.
You cannot wait for anyone else, even
a god, to do that for you.”
He took his cap from Annabeth, brushed off
the mud, and stuck it firmly on his curly head.
“We should go now,” he said, “and tell them.
The great god Pan is dead.”
EIGHTEEN
GROVER CAUSES A
STAMPEDE
Distance was shorter in the Labyrinth.
Still, by the time Rachel got us
back to Times Square, I felt like we’d pretty much run all the way from New
Mexico.
We climbed out of the Marriott basement and stood on the sidewalk
in the bright summer daylight, squinting at the traffic and crowds.
I couldn’t decide which seemed less real—New York or the crystal cave
where I’d watched a god die.
I led the way into an alley, where I could get a nice echo.
Then I whistled
as loud as I could, five times.
A minute later, Rachel gasped.
“They’re beautiful!”
A flock of pegasi descended from the sky, swooping between the
skyscrapers.
Blackjack was in the lead, followed by four of his white friends.
Yo, boss!
He spoke in my mind.
You lived!
“Yeah,” I told him.
“I’m lucky that way.
Listen, we need a ride to camp
quick.”
That’s my specialty!
Oh man, you got that Cyclops with you?
Yo, Guido!
How’s your back holding up?
The Pegasus Guido groaned and complained, but eventually he agreed to
carry Tyson.
Everybody started saddling up—except Rachel.
“Well,” she told me, “I guess this is it.”
I nodded uncomfortably.
We both knew she couldn’t go to camp.
I
glanced at Annabeth, who was pretending to be very busy with her Pegasus.
“Thanks, Rachel,” I said.
“We couldn’t have done it without you.”
“I wouldn’t have missed it.
I mean, except for almost dying, and Pan…”
Her voice faltered.
“He said something about your father,” I remembered.
“What did he
mean?”
Rachel twisted the strap on her backpack.
“My dad…My dad’s job.
He’s
kind of a famous businessman.”
“You mean…you’re rich?”
“Well, yeah.”
“So that’s how you got the chauffeur to help us?
You just said your dad’s
name and—”
“Yes,” Rachel cut me off.
“Percy…my dad’s a land developer.
He flies all
over the world, looking for tracts of undeveloped land.”
She took a shaky
breath.
“The wild.
He—he buys it up.
I hate it, but he plows it down and
builds ugly subdivisions and shopping centers.
And now that I’ve seen
Pan…Pan’s death—”
“Hey, you can’t blame yourself for that.”
“You don’t know the worst of it.
I—I don’t like to talk about my family.
I
didn’t want you to know.
I’m sorry.
I shouldn’t have said anything.”
“No,” I said.
“It’s cool.
Look, Rachel, you did awesome.
You led us
through the maze.
You were so brave.
That’s the only thing I’m going to
judge you on.
I don’t care what your dad does.”
Rachel looked at me gratefully.
“Well…if you ever feel like hanging out
with a mortal again…you could call me or something.”
“Uh, yeah.
Sure.”
She knit her eyebrows.
I guess I sounded unenthusiastic or something, but
that’s not how I meant it.
I just wasn’t sure what to say with all my friends
standing around.
And I guess my feelings had gotten pretty missed up the
last couple of days.
“I mean…I’d like that,” I said.
“My number’s not in the book,” she said.
“I’ve got it.”
“Still on your hand?
No way.”
“No. I kinda…memorized it.”
Her smile came back slowly, but a lot happier.
“See you later, Percy
Jackson.
Go save the world for me, okay?”
She walked off down Seventh Avenue and disappeared into the crowds.
***
When I got back to the horses.
Nico was having trouble.
His Pegasus kept
shying away from him, reluctant to let him mount.
He smells like dead people!
The Pegasus complained.
Hey now, Blackjack said.
Come on, Porkpie.
Lotsa demigods smell weird.
It ain’t their fault.
Oh—uh, I didn’t mean you, boss.
“Go without me!”
Nico said.
“I don’t want to go back to that camp
anyway.”
“Nico,” I said, “we need your help.”
He folded his arms and scowled.
Then Annabeth put her hand on his
shoulder.
“Nico,” she said.
“Please.”
Slowly, his expression softened.
“All right,” he said reluctantly.
“For you.
but I’m not staying.”
I raised an eyebrow at Annabeth, like, How come all of a sudden Nico
listens to you?
She stuck her tongue out at me.
At last we got everybody on a Pegasus.
We shot into the air, and soon we
were over the East river with Long Island spread out before us.
***
We landed in the middle of the cabin area and were immediately met by
Chiron, the potbellied satyr Silenus, and a couple of Apollo cabin archers.
Chiron raised an eyebrow when he saw Nico, but if I expected him to be
surprised by our latest news about Quintus being Daedalus, or Kronos rising,
I was mistaken.
“I feared as much,” Chiron said.
“We must hurry.
Hopefully you have
slowed down the Titan lord, but his vanguard will still be coming through.
They will be anxious for blood.
Most of our defenders are already in place.
Come!”
“Wait a moment,” Silenus demanded.
“What of the search for Pan?
You
are almost three weeks overdue, Grover Underwood!
Your searcher’s
license is revoked!”
Grover took a deep breath.
He stood up straight and looked Silenus in the
eye.
“Searcher’s licenses don’t matter any more.
The great god Pan is dead.
He has passed on and left us his spirit.”
“What?”
Silenus’s face turned bright red.
“Sacrilege and lies!
Grover
Underwood, I will have you exiled for speaking thus!”
“It’s true,” I said.
“We were there when he died.
All of us.”
“Impossible!
You are all liars!
Nature-destroyers!”
I ran after
her and found Annabeth at my side, keeping pace, her sword in her hand.
“This might be it,” she said.
“Could be.”
“Nice fighting with you, Seaweed Brain.”
“Ditto.”
Together we leaped into the monster’s path.
Kampê hissed and sliced at
us.
I dodged, trying to distract her, while Annabeth went in for a strike, but
the monster seemed able to fight with both hands independently.
She
blocked Annabeth’s sword, and Annabeth had to jump back to avoid the
cloud of poison.
Just being near the thing was like standing in an acid fog.
My eyes burned.
My lungs couldn’t get enough air.
I knew we couldn’t
stand our ground for more than a few seconds.
“Come on!”
I shouted.
“We need help!”
But no help came.
Everyone was either down, or fighting for their lives,
or too scared to move forward.
Three of Chiron’s arrows sprouted from
Kampê’s chest, but she just roared louder.
“Now!”
Annabeth said.
Together we charged, dodged the monster’s slashes, got inside her guard,
and almost…almost managed to stab Kampê in the chest, but a huge bear’s
head lashed out from the monster’s waist, and we had to stumble backward
to avoid getting bitten.
Slam!
My eyesight went black.
The next thing I knew, Annnabeth and I were on
the ground.
The monster had its forelegs on our chests, holding us down.
Hundreds of snakes slithered right above me, hissing like laughter.
Kampê
raised her green-tinged swords, and I knew Annabeth and I were out of
options.
Then, behind me, something howled.
A wall of darkness slammed into
Kampê, sending the monster sideways.
And Mrs. O’Leary was standing over
us, snarling and snapping at Kampê.
“Good girl!” said a familiar voice.
Daedalus was fighting his way out of
the Labyrinth, slashing down enemies left and right as he made his way
toward us.
Next to him was someone else—a familiar giant, much taller than
the Laistrygonians, with a hundred rippling arms, each holding a huge chunk
of rock.
“Briares!” Tyson cried in wonder.
“Hail, little brother!”
Briares bellowed.
“Stand firm!”
And as Mrs. O’Leary leaped out of the way, the Hundred-Handed One
launched a volley of boulders at Kampê.
The rocks seemed to enlarge as
they left Briares’s hands.
There were so many, it looked like half the earth
had learned to fly.
BOOOOOM!
Where Kampê had stood a moment before was a mountain of boulders,
almost as tall as Zeus’s Fist.
The only sign that the monster had ever existed
were two green sword points sticking through the cracks.
A cheer went up from the campers, but our enemies weren’t done yet.
One of the dracaenae yelled, “Ssssslay them!
Kill them all or Kronossss will
flay you alive!”
Apparently, that threat was more terrifying than we were.
The giants
surged forward in a last desperate attempt.
One surprised Chiron with a
glancing blow to the back legs, and he stumbled and fell.
Six giants cried in
glee and rushed forward.
“No!”
I screamed, but I was too far away to help.
Then it happened.
Grover opened his mouth, and the most horrible sound
I’d ever heard came out.
It was like a brass trumpet magnified a thousand
times—the sound of pure fear.
As one, the forces of Kronos dropped their weapons and ran for their lives.
The giants trampled the dracaenae trying to get into the Labyrinth first.
Telekhines and hellhounds and enemy half-bloods scrambled after them.
The tunnel rumbled shut, and the battle was over.
The clearing was quiet
except for the fires burning in the woods, and the cries of the wounded.
I helped Annabeth to her feet.
We ran to Chiron.
“Are you all right?”
I asked.
He was lying on his side, trying in vain to get up.
“How embarrassing,” he
muttered.
“I think I will be fine.
Fortunately, we do not shoot centaurs with
broken… Ow! …broken legs.
“You need help,” Annabeth said.
“I’ll get a medic from Apollo’s cabin.”
“No,” Chiron insisted.
“There are more serious injuries to attend to.
Go!
I
am fine.
He handed the computer to Annabeth, who stared at it like it was solid
gold.
“You’re giving me this?
But this is priceless!
This is worth…I don’t
even know how much!”
“Small compensation for the way I have acted,” Daedalus said.
“You
were right, Annabeth, about children of Athena.
We should be wise, and I
was not.
Someday you will be a greater architect than I ever was.
Take my
ideas and improve them.
It is the least I can do before I pass on.”
“Whoa,” I said.
“Pass on?
But you can’t just kill yourself.
That’s wrong.”
He shook his head.
“Not as wrong as hiding from my crimes for two
thousand years.
Genius does not excuse evil, Percy.
My time has come.
I
must face my punishment.”
“You won’t get a fair trial,” Annabeth said.
“The spirit of Minos sits in
judgment—”
“I will take what comes,” he said.
“And trust in the justice of the
Underworld, such as it is.
That is all we can do, isn’t it?”
He looked straight at Nico, and Nico’s face darkened.
“Yes,” he said.
“Will you take my soul for ransom, then?”
Daedalus asked.
“You could
use it to reclaim your sister.”
“No,” Nico said.
“I will help you release your spirit.
But Bianca has
passed.
She must stay where she is.”
Daedalus nodded.
“Well done, son of Hades.
You are becoming wise.”
Then he turned toward me.
“One last favor, Percy Jackson.
I cannot leave
Mrs. O’Leary alone.
And she has no desire to return to the Underworld.
Will
you care for her?”

I looked at the massive black hound, who whimpered pitifully, still
licking Daedalus’s hair.
I was thinking that my mom’s apartment wouldn’t
allow dogs, especially dogs bigger than the apartment, but I said, “Yeah.
Of
course I will.”
“Then I am ready to see my son…and Perdix,” he said.
“I must tell them
how sorry I am.”
Annabeth had tears in her eyes.
Daedalus turned toward Nico, who drew his sword.
At first I was afraid
Nico would kill the old inventor, but he simply said, “Your time is long
since come.
Be released and rest.”
A smile of relief spread across Daedalus’s face.
He froze like a statue.
His
skin turned transparent, revealing the bronze gears and machinery whirring
inside his body.
Then the statue turned to gray ash and disintegrated.
Mrs. O’Leary howled.
I patted her head, trying to comfort her as best I
could.
The earth rumbled—an earthquake that could probably be felt in
every major city across the country—as the ancient Labyrinth collapsed.
Somewhere, I hoped, the remains of the Titan’s strike force had been buried.
I looked around at the carnage in the clearing, and the weary faces of my
friends.
“Come on,” I told them.
“We have work to do.”

NINETEEN
THE COUNCIL GETS
CLOVEN
There were too many good-byes.
That night was the first time I actually saw camp burial shrouds used on
bodies, and it was not something I wanted to see again.
Among the dead, Lee Fletcher from the Apollo cabin had been downed by
a giant’s club.
He was wrapped in a golden shroud without any decoration.
The son of Dionysus who’d gone down fighting an enemy half-blood was
wrapped in a deep purple shroud embroidered with grapevines.
His name
was Castor.
I was ashamed that I’d seen him around camp for three years
and never even bothered to learn his name.
He’d been seventeen years old.
His twin brother, Pollux, tried to say a few words, but he choked up and just
took the torch.
He lit the funeral pyre in the middle of the amphitheater, and
within seconds the row of shrouds was engulfed in fire, sending smoke and
sparks up to the stars.
We spent the next day treating the wounded, which was almost everybody.
The satyrs and dryads worked to repair the damage to the woods.
At noon, the Council of Cloven Elders held an emergency meeting in their
sacred grove.
The three senior satyrs were there, along with Chiron, who
was in wheelchair form.
His broken horse leg was still mending, so he would
be confined to the chair for a few months, until the leg was strong enough to
take his weight.
The grove was filled with satyrs and dryads and naiads up
from the water—hundreds of them, anxious to hear what would happen.
“Well,” Annabeth said to me, “Grover seems to be growing up.”
***
Later that afternoon I found Tyson at the beach, talking to Briares.
Briares
was building a sand castle with about fifty of his hands.
He wasn’t really
paying attention to it, but his hands had constructed a three-story compound
with fortified walls, a moat, and a drawbridge.
Tyson was drawing a map in the sand.
“Go left at the reef,” he told Briares.
“Straight down when you see the
sunken ship.
Then about one mile east, past the mermaid graveyard, you will
start to see fires burning.”
“You’re giving him directions to the forges?”
I asked.
Tyson nodded.
“Briares wants to help.
He will teach Cyclopes ways we
have forgotten, how to make better weapons and armor.”
“I want to see Cyclopes,” Briares agreed.
“I don’t want to be lonely
anymore.”
“I doubt you’ll be lonely down there,” I said a little wistfully, because I’d
never even been in Poseidon’s kingdom.
“They’re going to keep you really
busy.”
Briares’s face morphed to a happy expression.
“Busy sounds good!
I only
wish Tyson could go, too.”
Tyson blushed.
“I need to stay here with my brother.
You will do fine,
Briares.
Thank you.”
The Hundred-Handed One shook my hand about a hundred times.
“We
will meet again, Percy.
I know it!”
Then he gave Tyson a big octopus hug and waded out into the ocean.
We
watched until his enormous head disappeared under the waves.
I clapped Tyson on the back.
“You helped him a lot.”
“I only talked to him.”
“You believed in him.
Without Briares, we never would’ve taken down
Kampê.”
Tyson grinned.
“He throws good rocks!”
I laughed.
“Yeah.
He throws really good rocks.
Come on, big guy.
Let’s
have dinner.”
***
It felt good to have a regular dinner at camp.
Tyson sat with me at the
Poseidon table.
The sunset over Long Island Sound was beautiful.
Yet you and Annabeth saved this camp.
I’m not sure I should
thank you for that.”
“It was a group effort.”
He shrugged.
“Regardless, I suppose it was mildly competent, what you
two did.
I thought you should know—it wasn’t a total loss.”
We reached the amphitheater, and Dionysus pointed toward the campfire.
I hoped Annabeth would be riding into Manhattan with me, but she only
came to see me off.
She said she’d arranged to stay at camp a little longer.
She would tend to Chiron until his leg was fully recovered, and keep
studying Deadalus’s laptop, which had engrossed her for the last two months.
Then she would head back to her father’s place in San Francisco.
“There’s a private school out there that I’ll be going to,” she said.
“I’ll
probably hate it, but…” she shrugged.
“Yeah, well, call me, okay?”
“Sure,” she said half-heartedly.
“I’ll keep my eyes open for…”
There it was again.
“Hera,” Annabeth said.
The goddess smiled.
“You found the answers, as I knew you would.
Your
quest was a success.”
“A success?”
Annabeth said.
I realized that
was one of the things I liked best about Annabeth.
“Percy is right.”
she turned her back on the goddess.
“You’re the one who
doesn’t belong, Queen Hera.
So next time, thanks…but no thanks.”
Hera’s sneer was worse than an empousa’s.
Her form began to glow.
“You will regret this insult, Annabeth.
You will regret this very much.”
I averted my eyes as the goddess turned into her true divine form and
disappeared in a blaze of light.
The hilltop was peaceful again.
Over at the pine tree, Peleus the dragon
dozed under the Golden Fleece as if nothing had happened.
“I’m sorry,” Annabeth told me.
“I—I should get back.
I’ll keep in touch.”
I wanted to tell Annabeth that I didn’t really want to be so
distant from her.
Then Argus honked his horn down at the road, and I lost my chance.
“You’d better get going,” Annabeth said.
“Take care, Seaweed Brain.”
She jogged down the hill.
I watched her until she reached the cabins.
She
didn’t look back once.
***
Two days later it was my birthday.
I never advertised the date, because it
always fell right after camp, so none of my camp friends could usually come,
and I didn’t have that many mortal friends.
Besides, getting older didn’t
seem like anything to celebrate since I’d gotten the big prophecy about me
destroying or saving the world when I turned sixteen.
Now I was turning
fifteen.
I was running out of time.
My mom threw me a small party at our apartment.
Paul Blofis came over,
but that was okay because Chiron had manipulated the Mist to convince
everyone at Goode High School that I had nothing to do with the band room
explosion.
Now Paul and the other witnesses were convinced that Kelli had
been a crazy, firebomb-throwing cheerleader, while I had simply been an
innocent bystander who’d panicked and ran from the scene.
I would still be
allowed to start as a freshman at Goode next month.
If I wanted to keep my
record of getting kicked out of school every year, I’d have to try harder.
Tyson came to my party, too, and my mother baked two extra blue cakes
just for him.
While Tyson helped my mom blow up party balloons, Paul
Blofis asked me to help him in the kitchen.
As we were pouring punch, he said, “I hear your mom signed you up for
driver’s ed this fall.”
“Yeah.
It’s cool.
I can’t wait.”
Seriously, I’d been excited about getting my license forever, but I guess
my heart wasn’t in it anymore, and Paul could tell.
In a weird way he
reminded me of Chiron sometimes, how he could look at your and actually
see your thoughts.
I guess it was that teacher aura.
“You’ve had a rough summer,” he said.
“I’m guessing you lost someone
important.
And…girl trouble?”
I stared at him.
“How do you know that?
Did my mom—”
He held up his hands.
“Your mom hasn’t said a thing.
And I won’t pry.
I
just know there’s something unusual about you, Percy.
You’ve got a lot
going on that I can’t figure.
But I was also fifteen once, and I’m just
guessing from your expression…Well, you’ve had a rough time.”
I nodded.
I’d promised my mom I would tell Paul the truth about me, but
now didn’t seem the time.
Not yet.
“I lost a couple of friends at this camp I
go to,” I said.
“I mean, not close friends, but still—”
“I’m sorry.”
“Yeah.
And, uh, I guess the girl stuff…”
“Here.”
Paul handed me some punch.
“To your fifteenth birthday.
And to
a better year to come.”
We tapped our paper cups together and drank.
“Percy, I kind of feel bad giving you one more thing to think about,” Paul
said.
“But I wanted to ask you something.”
“Yeah?”
“Girl stuff.”
I frowned.
“What do you mean?”
“Your mom,” Paul said.
“I’m thinking about proposing to her.”

I almost dropped my cup.
“You mean…marrying her?
You and her?”
“Well, that was the genera idea.
Would that be okay with you?”
“You’re asking my permission?”
Paul scratched his beard.
“I don’t know if it’s permission, so much, but
she’s your mother.
And I know you’re going through a lot.
I wouldn’t feel
right if I didn’t talk to you about it first, man to man.”
“Man to man,” I repeated.
It sounded strange, saying that.
I thought about
Paul and my mom, how she smiled and laughed more whenever he was
around, and how Paul had gone out of his way to get me into high school.
I
found myself saying, “I think that’s a great idea, Paul.
Go for it.”
He smiled really wide then.
“Cheers, Percy.
Let’s join the party.”
***
I was just getting ready to blow out the candles when the doorbell rang.
My mom frowned.
“Who could that be?”
It was weird, because our new building had a doorman, but he hadn’t
called up or anything.
My mom opened the door and gasped.
It was my dad.
He was wearing Bermuda shorts and a Hawaiian shirt and
Birkenstocks, like he usually does.
His black beard was neatly trimmed and
his sea-green eyes twinkled.
He wore a battered cap decorated with fishing
lures.
It said NEPTUNE’S LUCKY FISHING HAT.
“Pos—” My mother stopped herself.
She was blushing right to the roots
of her hair.
“Um, hello.”
That incident at Mount St. Helens…”
For a second I thought he was talking about Annabeth kissing me, and I
blushed, but then I realized he was talking about something a lot bigger.
“The eruptions are continuing,” he said.
“Typhon is stirring.
It is very
likely that soon, in a few months, perhaps a year at best, he will escape his
bonds.”
“I’m sorry,” I said.
"So," Beckendorf said, "I'm guessing you don't want me to mention that little scene to Annabeth."
"Oh, gods," I muttered.
"Don't even think about it."
Beckendorf chuckled, and together we soared out over the Atlantic.
It was almost dark by the time we spotted our target.
The Princess Andromeda glowed on the horizon—a
huge cruise ship lit up yellow and white.
From a distance, you'd think it was just a party ship, not the
headquarters for the Titan lord.
Then as you got closer, you might notice the giant figurehead—a darkhaired maiden in a Greek chiton, wrapped m chains with a look of horror on her face, as if she could
smell the stench of all the monsters she was being forced to carry.
Seeing the ship again twisted my gut into knots.
I'd almost died twice on the Princess Andromeda.
Now it was heading straight for New York.
"You know what to do?"
Beckendorf yelled over the wind.
I nodded.
We'd done dry runs at the dockyards in New Jersey, using abandoned ships as our targets.
I
knew how little time we would have.
But I also knew this was our best chance to end Kronos's invasion
before it ever started.
"Blackjack," I said, "set us down on the lowest stern deck.
"
Gotcha, boss, he said.
Man, I hate seeing that boat.
Three years ago, Blackjack had been enslaved on the Princess Andromeda until he'd escaped with a
little help from my friends and me.
I figured he'd rather have his mane braided like My Little Pony than
be back here again.
"Don't wait for us," I told him.
But, boss—
"Trust me," I said.
"We'll get out by ourselves.
"
Blackjack folded his wings and plummeted toward the boat like a black comet.
The wind whistled in
my ears.
I saw monsters patrolling the upper decks of the ship—dracaenae snake-women, hellhounds,

giants, and the humanoid seal-demons known as telkhines—but we zipped by so fast, none of them raised
the alarm.
We shot down the stern of the boat, and Blackjack spread his wings, lightly coming to a
landing on the lowest deck.
I climbed off, feeling queasy.
Good luck, boss, Blackjack said.
Don't let 'em turn you into horse meat!
With that, my old friend flew off into the night.
I took my pen out of my pocket and uncapped it, and
Riptide sprang to full size—three feet of deadly Celestial bronze glowing in the dusk.
Beckendorf pulled a piece of paper out of his pocket.
I thought it was a map or something.
Then I
realized it was a photograph.
He stared at it in the dim light—the smiling face of Silena Beauregard,
daughter of Aphrodite.
They'd started going out last summer, after years of the rest of us saying, "Duh,
you guys like each other!"
Even with all the dangerous missions, Beckendorf had been happier this
summer than I'd ever seen him.
"We'll make it back to camp," I promised.
For a second I saw worry in his eyes.
Then he put on his old confident smile.
"You bet," he said.
"Let's go blow Kronos back into a million pieces."

Beckendorf led the way.
We followed a narrow corridor to the service stairwell, just like we'd practiced,
but we froze when we heard noises above us.
"I don't care what your nose says!" snarled a half-human, half-dog voice—a telkhine.
"The last time
you smelled half-blood, it turned out to be a meat loaf sandwich!"
"Meat loaf sandwiches are good!"
a second voice snarled.
"But this is half-blood scent, I swear.
They
are on board!"
"Bah, your brain isn't on board!
"
They continued to argue, and Beckendorf pointed downstairs.
We descended as quietly as we could.
Two floors down, the voices of the telkhines started to fade.
Finally we came to a metal hatch.
Beckendorf mouthed the words "engine room.
"
It was locked, but Beckendorf pulled some chain cutters out of his bag and split the bolt like it was
made of butter.
Inside, a row of yellow turbines the size of grain silos churned and hummed.
Pressure gauges and
computer terminals lined the opposite wall.
A telkhine was hunched over a console, but he was so
involved with his work, he didn't notice us.
He was about five feet tall, with slick black seal fur and
stubby little feet.
He had the head of a Doberman, but his clawed hands were almost human.
He growled
and muttered as he tapped on his keyboard.
Maybe he was messaging his friends on uglyface.com.
I stepped forward, and he tensed, probably smelling something was wrong.
He leaped sideways
toward a big red alarm button, but I blocked his path.
He hissed and lunged at me, but one slice of
Riptide, and he exploded into dust.
"One down," Beckendorf said.
"About five thousand to go."
He tossed me a jar of thick green
liquid—Greek fire, one of the most dangerous magical substances in the world.
Then he threw me another
essential tool of demigod heroes—duct tape.
"Slap that one on the console," he said.
"I'll get the turbines.
"
We went to work.
The room was hot and humid, and in no time we were drenched m sweat.
The boat kept chugging along.
"
Annabeth ran in right behind him, and I'll admit my heart did a little relay race in my chest when I
saw her.
It's not that she tried to look good.
We'd been doing so many combat missions lately, she hardly
brushed her curly blond hair anymore, and she didn't care what clothes she was wearing—usually the
same old orange camp T-shirt and jeans, and once in a while her bronze armor.
Her eyes were stormy
gray.
Most of the time we couldn't get through a conversation without trying to strangle each other.
Still,
just seeing her made me feel fuzzy in the head.
Only Annabeth and Chiron stayed behind.
Annabeth wiped a tear from her cheek.
"I'm glad you're not dead, Seaweed Brain.
"
"Thanks," I said.
"Me too."
Chiron put a hand on my shoulder.
"I'm sure you did everything you could, Percy.
Will you tell us
what happened?"
I didn't want to go through it again, but I told them the story, including my dream about the Titans.
I
left out the detail about Nico.
Nico had made me promise not to tell anybody about his plan until I made
up my mind, and the plan was so scary I didn't mind keeping it a secret.
Chiron gazed down at the valley.
"We must call a war council immediately, to discuss this spy, and
other matters."
"You know where it is," he told Annabeth.
"Bring it down, please."
Annabeth nodded.
"Come on, Percy."
The sun was setting outside, so the attic was even darker and creepier than usual.
Old hero trophies
were slacked everywhere—dented shields, pickled heads in jars from various monsters, a pair of fuzzy
dice on a bronze plaque that read: STOLEN FROM CHRYSAOR'S HONDA CIVIC, BY GUS, SON OF
HERMES, 1988.
I picked up a curved bronze sword so badly bent it looked like the letter
M. I could still see green
stains on the metal from the magical poison that used to cover it.
The tag was dated last summer.
It read:
Scimitar of Kampê, destroyed in the Battle of the Labyrinth.
"You remember Briares throwing those boulders?"
I asked.
Annabeth gave me a grudging smile.
"And Grover causing a Panic?"
We locked eyes.
I thought of a different time last summer, under Mount St. Helens, when Annabeth
thought I was going to die and she kissed me.
She cleared her throat and looked away.
"Prophecy."
"Right."
I put down the scimitar.
"Prophecy."
We walked over to the window.
On a three-legged stool sat the Oracle—a shriveled female mummy
m a tie-dyed dress.
Tufts of black hair clung to her skull.
Glassy eyes stared out of her leathery face.
Just
looking at her made my skin crawl.
If you wanted to leave camp during the summer, it used to be you had to come up here to get a quest.
This summer, that rule had been tossed.
Campers left all the time on combat missions.
We had no choice
if we wanted to stop Kronos.
Still, I remembered too well the strange green mist—the spirit of the Oracle—that lived inside the
mummy.
She looked lifeless now, but whenever she spoke a prophecy, she moved.
Sometimes fog gushed
out of her mouth and created strange shapes.
Once, she'd even left the attic and taken a little zombie stroll
into the woods to deliver a message.
I wasn't sure what she'd do for the "Great Prophecy."
I half expected
her to start tap dancing or something.
But she just sat there like she was dead—which she was.
"I never understood this," I whispered.
"What?" Annabeth asked.
"Why it's a mummy.
"
"Percy, she didn't used to be a mummy.
For thousands of years the spirit of the Oracle lived inside a
beautiful maiden.
The spirit would be passed on from generation to generation.
Chiron told me she was
like that fifty years ago."
Annabeth pointed at the mummy.
"But she was the last."
"What happened?"
Annabeth started to say something, then apparently changed her mind.
"Let's just do our job and get
out of here.
"
I looked nervously at the Oracle's withered face.
"So what now?"
Annabeth approached the mummy and held out her palms.
"O Oracle, the time is at hand.
I ask for
the Great Prophecy.
"
I braced myself, but the mummy didn't move.
Instead, Annabeth approached and unclasped one of its
necklaces.
I’d never paid too much attention to its jewelry before.
I figured it was just hippie love beads
and stuff.
But when Annabeth turned toward me, she was holding a leather pouch—like a Native
American medicine pouch on a cord braided with feathers.
She opened the bag and took out a roll of
parchment no bigger than her pinky.
"No way," I said.
"You mean all these years, I've been asking about this stupid prophecy, and it's
been right there around her neck?"
"The time wasn't right," Annabeth said.
"Believe me, Percy, I read this when I was ten years old, and

I still have nightmares about it."
"Great," I said.
"Can I read it now?"
"Downstairs at the war council," Annabeth said.
"Not in front of . . .
you know.
"
I looked at the glassy eyes of the Oracle, and I decided not to argue.
We headed downstairs to join the
others.
I didn't know it then, but it would be the last time I ever visited the attic.
***
The senior counselors had gathered around the Ping-Pong table.
Don't ask me why, but the rec room had
become the camp's informal headquarters for war councils.
When Annabeth, Chiron, and I came in,
though, it looked more like a shouting match.
I wanted to ask what the heck Clarisse was so mad about, but I looked at Annabeth and she mouthed
the words I'll tell you later.
"Now," Chiron continued, "if you please, counselors.
Percy has brought something I think you should
hear.
Percy—the Great Prophecy."
Annabeth handed me the parchment.
It felt dry and old, and my fingers fumbled with the string.
I
uncurled the paper, trying not to rip it, and began to read:
"A half-blood of the eldest dogs . . .
"
"Er, Percy?"
Annabeth interrupted.
"That's gods.
Not dogs."
"Oh, right," I said.
Being dyslexic is one mark of a demigod, but sometimes I really hate it.
The more
nervous I am, the worse my reading gets.
"A half~blood of the eldest gods . .
.
shall reach sixteen against
all odds . . .
"
I hesitated, staring at the next lines.
A cold feeling started m my fingers as if the paper was freezing.
"And see the world in endless sleep,
The hero's soul, cursed blade shall reap.
"
Suddenly Riptide seemed heavier in my pocket.
A cursed blade?
Chiron once told me Riptide had
brought many people sorrow.
Was it possible my own sword could get me killed?
And how could the
world fall into endless sleep, unless that meant death?
"Percy," Chiron urged.
"Read the rest."
My mouth felt like it was full of sand, but I spoke the last two lines.
"A single choice shall. . .
shall end his days.
Olympus to per—pursue—"

"Preserve," Annabeth said gently.
"It means to save.
"
"I know what it means," I grumbled.
"Olympus to preserve or raze.
"
The room was silent.
Finally Connor Stoll said, "Raise is good, isn't it?"
"Not raise," Silena said.
Her voice was hollow, but I was startled to hear her speak at all.
"R-a-z-e
means destroy.
"
"Obliterate," Annabeth said.
"Annihilate.
Turn to rubble."
"Got it."
My heart felt like lead.
"Thanks."
Everybody was looking at me—with concern, or pity, or maybe a little fear.
Chiron closed his eyes as if he were saying a prayer.
In horse form, his head almost brushed the lights
in the rec room.
"You see now, Percy, why we thought it best not to tell you the whole prophecy.
You've
had enough on your shoulders—"
"Without realizing I was going to die in the end anyway?"
I said.
"Yeah, I get it."
Chiron gazed at me sadly.
The guy was three thousand years old.
He'd seen hundreds of heroes die.
He might not like it, but he was used to it.
He probably knew better than to try to reassure me.
"Percy," Annabeth said.
"You know prophecies always have double meanings.
It might not literally
mean you die.
"
"Sure," I said.
"A single choice shall end his days.
That has tons of meanings, right?"
"Maybe we can stop it," Jake Mason offered.
"The hero's soul, cursed blade shall reap.
Maybe we
could find this cursed blade and destroy it.
Sounds like Kronos's scythe, right?"
I hadn't thought about that, but it didn't matter if the cursed blade was Riptide or Kronos's scythe.
Either way, I doubted we could stop the prophecy.
A blade was supposed to reap my soul.
As a general
rule, I preferred not to have my soul reaped.
"Perhaps we should let Percy think about these lines," Chiron said.
"He needs time—"
"No."
I folded up the prophecy and shoved it into my pocket.
I felt defiant and angry, though I wasn't
sure who I was angry with.
"I don't need time.
If I die, I die.
I can't worry about that, right?"
Annabeth's hands were shaking a little.
She wouldn't meet my eyes.
"Let's move on," I said.
"We've got other problems.
We've got a spy.
"
Michael Yew scowled.
"A spy?"
I told them what had happened on the Princess Andromeda—how Kronos had known we were
coming, how he'd shown me the silver scythe pendant he'd used to communicate with someone at camp.
Silena started to cry again, and Annabeth put an arm around her shoulders.
"Well," Connor Stoll said uncomfortably, "we've suspected there might a spy for years, right?
He and Annabeth looked at each other like, It's time.
Did I mention I hate it when they do that?
"Percy," Chiron said, "we didn't want to tell you until you returned to camp.
You needed a break with
your . . .
mortal friends.
"
Annabeth blushed.
It dawned on me that she knew I'd been hanging out with Rachel, and I felt guilty.
Then I felt angry that I felt guilty.
I was allowed to have friends outside camp, right?
It wasn't like . . .
"Tell me what's happened," I said.
Chiron picked up a bronze goblet from the snack table.
He tossed water onto the hot plate where we
usually melted nacho cheese.
Steam billowed up, making a rainbow in the fluorescent lights.
Chiron
fished a golden drachma out of his pouch, tossed it through the mist, and muttered, "O Iris, Goddess of
the Rainbow, show us the threat."
The mist shimmered.
I saw the familiar image of a smoldering volcano—Mount St. Helens.
As I
watched, the side of the mountain exploded.
Fire, ash, and lava rolled out.
A newscaster's voice was
saying "—even larger than last year's eruption, and geologists warn that the mountain may not be done.
"
I knew all about last year's eruption.
I'd caused it.
But this explosion was much worse.
The mountain
tore itself apart, collapsing inward, and an enormous form rose out of the smoke and lava like it was
emerging from a manhole.
I hoped the Mist would keep the humans from seeing it clearly, because what I
saw would've caused panic and riots across the entire United States.
The giant was bigger than anything I'd ever encountered.
Even my demigod eyes couldn't make out its
exact form through the ash and fire, but it was vaguely humanoid and so huge it could've used the
Chrysler Building as a baseball bat.
The mountain shook with a horrible rumbling, as if the monster were
laughing.
"It's him," I said.
"Typhon."
I was seriously hoping Chiron would say something good, like No, that's our huge friend Leroy!
He's
going to help us!
But no such luck.
He simply nodded.
"The most horrible monster of all, the biggest
single threat the gods ever faced.
He has been freed from under the mountain at last.
But this scene is
from two days ago.
Here is what is happening today.
"
Chiron waved his hand and the image changed.
I saw a bank of storm clouds rolling across the
Midwest plains.
Lightning flickered.
Lines of tornadoes destroyed everything in their path—ripping up
houses and trailers, tossing cars around like Matchbox toys.
"Monumental floods," an announcer was saying.
"Five states declared disaster areas as the freak

storm system sweeps east, continuing its path of destruction."
The cameras zoomed in on a column of
storm bearing down on some Midwest city.
I couldn't tell which one.
Inside the storm I could see the
giant—just small glimpses of his true form: a smoky arm, a dark clawed hand the size of a city block.
His
angry roar rolled across the plains like a nuclear blast.
Other smaller forms darted through the clouds,
circling the monster.
I saw flashes of light, and I realized the giant was trying to swat them.
I squinted and
thought I saw a golden chariot flying into the blackness.
Then some kind of huge bird—a monstrous
owl—dived in to attack the giant.
"Are those . . .
the gods?"
I said.
"Yes, Percy," Chiron said.
"They have been fighting him for days now, trying to slow him down.
But
Typhon is marching forward—toward New York.
Toward Olympus.
"
I let that sink in.
"How long until he gets here?"
"Unless the gods can stop him?
Perhaps five days.
Most of the Olympians are there . . .
except your
father, who has a war of his own to fight.
"
"But then who's guarding Olympus?"
Connor Stoll shook his head.
"If Typhon gets to New York, it won't matter who's guarding Olympus.
"
I thought about Kronos's words on the ship: I would love to see the terror in your eyes when you
realize how I will destroy Olympus.
Was this what he was talking about: an attack by Typhon?
It was sure terrifying enough.
But Kronos
was always fooling us, misdirecting our attention.
This seemed too obvious for him.
And in my dream,
the golden Titan had talked about several more challenges to come, as if Typhon were only the first.
"It's a trick," I said.
"We have to warn the gods.
Something else is going to happen.
"
Chiron looked at me gravely.
"Something worse than Typhon?
I hope not."
"We have to defend Olympus," I insisted.
"Kronos has another attack planned.
"
"He did," Travis Stoll reminded me.
"But you sunk his ship.
"
Everyone was looking at me.
They wanted some good news.
They wanted to believe that at least I'd
given them a little bit of hope.
I glanced at Annabeth.
I could tell we were thinking the same thing: What if the Princess Andromeda
was a ploy?
What if Kronos let us blow up that ship so we'd lower our guard?
But I wasn't going to say that in front of Silena.
Her boyfriend had sacrificed himself for that mission.
"Maybe you're right," I said, though I didn't believe it.
I tried to imagine how things could get much worse.
The gods were m the Midwest fighting a huge
monster that had almost defeated them once before.
Most demigods (except for Annabeth and a few others) don't even own cell phones.
And I definitely
couldn't tell Annabeth, "Hey, let me borrow your phone so I can call Rachel!"
To make the call, I
would've had to leave camp and walk several miles to the nearest convenience store.
Even if Chiron let
me go, by the time I got there, Rachel would've been on the plane to St. Thomas.
After breakfast, Annabeth and I walked down to inspect the cabins.
Actually, it was Annabeth's turn for
inspection.
My morning chore was to sort through reports for Chiron.
But since we both hated our jobs,
we decided to do them together so it wouldn't be so heinous.
"
"Three out of five," Annabeth said.
I knew better than to argue, so we moved along.
I tried to skim through Chiron's stack of reports as we walked.
There were messages from demigods,
nature spirits, and satyrs all around the country, writing about the latest monster activity.
They were pretty
depressing, and my ADHD brain did not like concentrating on depressing stuff.
Little battles were raging everywhere.
Camp recruitment was down to zero.
Satyrs were having
trouble finding new demigods and bringing them to Half-Blood Hill because so many monsters were
roaming the country.
Our friend Thalia, who led the Hunters of Artemis, hadn't been heard from in
months, and if Artemis knew what had happened to them, she wasn't sharing information.
We visited the Aphrodite cabin, which of course got a five out of five.
The beds were perfectly made.
The clothes in everyone's footlockers were color coordinated.
Fresh flowers bloomed on the windowsills.
I wanted to dock a point because the whole place reeked of designer perfume, but Annabeth ignored me.
"Great job as usual, Silena," Annabeth said.
Silena nodded listlessly.
The wall behind her bed was decorated with pictures of Beckendorf.
She sat
on her bunk with a box of chocolates on her lap, and I remembered that her dad owned a chocolate store
in the Village, which was how he'd caught the attention of Aphrodite.
"You want a bonbon?"
Silena asked.
"My dad sent them.
He thought—he thought they might cheer
me up."
"Are they any good?"
I asked.
She shook her head.
"They taste like cardboard.
"
I didn't have anything against cardboard, so I tried one.
Annabeth passed.
We promised to see Silena
later and kept going.
As we crossed the commons area, a fight broke out between the Ares and Apollo cabins.
Some
Apollo campers armed with firebombs flew over the Ares cabin in a chariot pulled by two pegasi.
I'd
never seen the chariot before, but it looked like a pretty sweet ride.
Soon, the roof of the Ares cabin was
burning, and naiads from the canoe lake rushed over to blow water on it.
Then the Ares campers called down a curse, and all the Apollo kids' arrows turned to rubber.
The
Apollo kids kept shooting at the Ares kids, but the arrows bounced off.
Two archers ran by, chased by an angry Ares kid who was yelling in poetry: "Curse me, eh?
I'll make
you pay!
/
I don't want to rhyme all day!"
Annabeth sighed.
"Not that again.
Last time Apollo cursed a cabin, it took a week for the rhyming
couplets to wear off.
"
I shuddered.
Apollo was god of poetry as well as archery, and I'd heard him recite in person.
I'd
almost rather yet shot by an arrow.
"What are they fighting about anyway?"
I asked.
Annabeth ignored me while she scribbled on her inspection scroll, giving both cabins a one out of
five.
I found myself staring at her, which was stupid since I'd seen her a billion times.
She and I were about
the same height this summer, which was a relief.
Still, she seemed so much more mature.
It was kind of
intimidating.
I mean, sure, she'd always been cute, but she was starting to be seriously beautiful.
Finally she said, "That flying chariot.
"
"What?"
"You asked what they were fighting about."
"Oh.
Oh, right.
"
"They captured it in a raid in Philadelphia last week.
"
"They'll get over it," Annabeth said.
Only Annabeth's
bunk was messy.
It was covered in papers, and her silver laptop was still running.
"Vlacas," Annabeth muttered, which was basically calling herself an idiot in Greek.
Her second-in-command, Malcolm, suppressed a smile.
"Yeah, um . . .
we cleaned everything else.
Didn't know if it was safe to move your notes.
"
That was probably smart.
Annabeth had a bronze knife that she reserved just for monsters and people
who messed with her stuff.
Malcolm grinned at me.
"We'll wait outside while you finish inspection."
The Athena campers filed
out the door while Annabeth cleaned up her bunk.
I shuffled uneasily and pretended to go through some more reports.
Technically, even on inspection, it
was against camp rules for two campers to be . . .
like, alone in a cabin.
That rule had come up a lot when Silena and Beckendorf started dating.
And I know some of you
might be thinking, Aren't all demigods related on the godly side, and doesn't that make dating gross?
But
the thing is, the godly side of your family doesn't count, genetically speaking, since gods don't have DNA.
A demigod would never think about dating someone who had the same godly parent.
Like two kids from
Athena cabin?
No way.
But a daughter of Aphrodite and a son of Hephaestus?
They're not related.
So it's
no problem.
Anyway, for some strange reason I was thinking about this as I watched Annabeth straighten up.
She
closed her laptop, which had been given to her as a gift from the inventor Daedalus last summer.
I cleared my throat.
"So . . .
get any good info from that thing?"
"Too much," she said.
"Daedalus had so many ideas, I could spend fifty years just trying to figure
them all out."
"Yeah," I muttered.
"That would be fun.
"
She shuffled her papers—mostly drawings of buildings and a bunch of handwritten notes.
I knew she
wanted to be an architect someday, but I'd learned the hard way not to ask what she was working on.
She'd start talking about angles and load-bearing joints until my eyes glazed over.
"You know . . ."
She brushed her hair behind her ear, like she does when she's nervous.
"This whole
thing with Beckendorf and Silena.
It kind of makes you think.
About . . .
what's important.
About losing
people who are important."
I nodded.
My brain started seizing on little random details, like the fact that she was still wearing
those silver owl earrings from her dad, who was this brainiac military history professor in San Francisco.
"Urn, yeah," I stammered.
"Like . . .
is everything cool with your family?
"
Okay, really stupid question, but hey, I was nervous.
Annabeth looked disappointed, but she nodded.
"My dad wanted to take me to Greece this summer," she said wistfully.
"I've always wanted to see—"
"The Parthenon," I remembered.
She managed a smile.
"Yeah."
"That's okay.
There'll be other summers, right?
"
As soon as I said it, I realized it was a boneheaded comment.
I was facing the end of my days.
Within

a week, Olympus might fall.
If the Age of the Gods really did end, the world as we knew it would
dissolve into chaos.
Demigods would be hunted to extinction.
There would be no more summers for us.
Annabeth stared at her inspection scroll.
"Three out five," she muttered, "for a sloppy head counselor.
Come on.
Let's finish your reports and get back to Chiron.
"
On the way to the Big House, we read the last report, which was handwritten on a maple leaf from a
satyr in Canada.
If possible, the note made me feel even worse.
" 'Dear Grover,'" I read aloud. "
'Woods outside Toronto attacked by giant evil badger.
Tried to do as
you suggested and summon power of Pan.
No effect.
Many naiads' trees destroyed.
Retreating to Ottawa.
Please advise.
Where are you?
—Gleeson Hedge, protector.'
"
Annabeth grimaced.
"You haven't heard anything from him?
Even with your empathy link?"
I shook my head dejectedly.
Plus, I'd always depended on Annabeth for advice.
"Listen, I had this dream about, um,
Rachel . . .
I wished I had Annabeth's invisibility hat, but as it turned out, I didn't need it.
Every time we came to
a skeleton guard, Nico just pointed at it, and its glowing eyes dimmed.
Unfortunately, the more Nico did
it, the more tired he seemed.
We walked through a maze of corridors filled with guards.
By the time we
reached a kitchen staffed by skeletal cooks and servants, I was practically carrying Nico.
He managed to
put all the dead to sleep but nearly passed out himself.
I dragged him out of the servants' entrance and into
the Fields of Asphodel.
I almost felt relieved until I heard the sound of bronze gongs high in the castle.
"Alarms," Nico murmured sleepily.
"What do we do?"
He yawned then frowned like he was trying to remember.
"How about . . .
run?"
Running with a drowsy child of Hades was more like doing a three-legged race with a life-size rag doll.
I
lugged him along, holding my sword in front of me.
The spirits of the dead made way like the Celestial
bronze was a blazing fire.
The sound of gongs rolled across the fields.
Ahead loomed the walls of Erebos, but the longer we
walked, the farther away they seemed.
I was about to collapse from exhaustion when I heard a familiar
"WOOOOOF!"
Mrs. O'Leary bounded out of nowhere and ran circles around us, ready to play.
"Good girl.'"
I said.
"Can you give us a ride to the Styx?"
The word Styx got her excited.
She probably thought I meant sticks.
She jumped a few times, chased
her tail just to teach it who was boss, and then calmed down enough for me to push Nico onto her back.
I
climb aboard, and she raced toward the gates.
She leaped straight over the EZ-DEATH line, sending
guards sprawling and causing more alarms to blare.
Cerberus barked, but he sounded more excited than

angry, like: Can I play too?
Fortunately, he didn't follow us, and Mrs. O'Leary kept running.
She didn't stop until we were far
upriver and the fires of Erebos had disappeared in the murk.
Nico slid off Mrs. O'Leary's back and crumpled in a heap on the black sand.
I took out a square of ambrosia—part of the emergency god-food
I always kept with me.
It was a little
bashed up, but Nico chewed it.
"Uh," he mumbled.
"Better."
"Your powers drain you too much," I noted.
He nodded sleepily.
"With great power . . .
comes great need to take a nap.
Wake me up later."
"Whoa, zombie dude."
I caught him before he could pass out again.
"We're at the river.
You need to
tell me what to do.
"
I fed him the last of my ambrosia, which was a little dangerous.
The stuff can heal demigods, but it
can also burn us to ashes if we eat too much.
Fortunately, it seemed to do the trick.
Nico shook his head a
few times and struggled to his feet.
"My father will be coming soon," he said.
"We should hurry.
"
The River Styx's current swirled with strange objects—broken toys, ripped-up college diplomas,
wilted homecoming corsages—all the dreams people had thrown away as they'd passed from life into
death.
Looking at the black water, I could think of about three million places I'd rather swim.
"So . . .
I just jump in?"
"You have to prepare yourself first," Nico said, "or the river will destroy you.
It will burn away your
body and soul."
"Sounds fun," I muttered.
"This is no joke," Nico warned.
"There is only one way to stay anchored to your mortal life.
You
have to . . .
"
He glanced behind me and his eyes widened.
I turned and found myself face-to-face with a Greek
warrior.
For a second I thought he was Ares, because this guy looked exactly like the god of war—tall and
buff, with a cruel scarred face and closely shaved black hair.
He wore a white tunic and bronze armor.
He
held a plumed war helm under his arm.
But his eyes were human—pale green like a shallow sea—and a
bloody arrow stuck out of his left calf, just above the ankle.
I stunk at Greek names, but even I knew the greatest warrior of all time, who had died from a
wounded heel.
"Achilles," I said.
The ghost nodded.
"I warned the other one not to follow my path.
Now I will warn you."
It was Annabeth's voice, much clearer now.
"You're not getting away
from me that easily.
"
The cord strengthened.
I could see Annabeth now—standing barefoot above me on the canoe lake pier.
I'd fallen out of my
canoe.
That was it.
She was reaching out her hand to haul me up, and she was trying not to laugh.
She
wore her orange camp T-shirt and jeans.
Her hair was tucked up in her Yankees cap, which was strange
because that should have made her invisible.
"You are such an idiot sometimes."
She smiled.
"Come on.
Take my hand.
"
Memories came flooding back to me—sharper and more colorful.
I stopped dissolving.
My name was
Percy Jackson.
I reached up and took Annabeth's hand.
Suddenly I burst out of the river.
I collapsed on the sand, and Nico scrambled back in surprise.
"Are you okay?" he stammered.
"Your skin.
Oh, gods.
You're hurt!"
My arms were bright red.
I felt like every inch of my body had been broiled over a slow flame.
I looked around for Annabeth, though I knew she wasn't here.
It had seemed so real.
"I'm fine . . .
I think."
The color of my skin turned back to normal.
The pain subsided.
Mrs. O'Leary
came up and sniffed me with concern.
Apparently I smelled really interesting.
"Do you feel stronger?"
Nico asked.
Before I could decide what I felt, a voice boomed, "THERE!"
An army of the dead marched toward us.
A hundred skeletal Roman legionnaires led the way with
shields and spears.
Behind them came an equal number of British redcoats with bayonets fixed.
In the
middle of the host, Hades himself rode a black-and-gold chariot pulled by nightmare horses, their eyes
and manes smoldering with fire.
"You will not escape me this time, Percy Jackson!"
Hades bellowed.
"Destroy him!"
"Father, no!"
Nico shouted, but it was too late.
The front line of Roman zombies lowered their spears
and advanced.
Mrs. O'Leary growled and got ready to pounce.
Maybe that's what set me off.
I didn't want them
hurting my dog.
Plus, I was tired of Hades being a big bully.
If I was going to die, I might as well go
down fighting.
I yelled, and the River Styx exploded.
A black tidal wave smashed into the legionnaires.
Spears and
shields flew everywhere.
Roman zombies began to dissolve, smoke coming off their bronze helmets.
The redcoats lowered their bayonets, but I didn't wait for them.
I charged.
It was the stupidest thing I've ever done.
A hundred muskets fired at me, point blank.
All of them
missed.
I crashed into their line and started hacking with Riptide.
Bayonets jabbed.
Swords slashed.
Guns
reloaded and fired.
Nothing touched me.
I whirled through the ranks, slashing redcoats to dust, one after the other.
My mind went on autopilot:
stab, dodge, cut, deflect, roll.
Riptide was no longer a sword.
It was an arc of pure destruction.
I broke through the enemy line and leaped into the black chariot.
Hades raised his staff.
A bolt of dark
energy shot toward me, but I deflected it off my blade and slammed into him.
The god and I both tumbled
out of the chariot.
The next thing I knew, my knee was planted on Hades's chest.
I was holding the collar of his royal
robes in one fist, and the tip of my sword was poised right over his face.
Silence.
The army did nothing to defend their master.
I glanced back and realized why.
There was
nothing left of them but weapons in the sand and piles of smoking, empty uniforms.
I had destroyed them
all.
Hades swallowed.
"Now, Jackson, listen here. . . .
"
He was immortal.
There was no way I could kill him, but gods can be wounded.
I knew that firsthand,
and I figured a sword in the face wouldn't feel too good.
"Just because I'm a nice person," I snarled, "I'll let you go.
But first, tell me about that trap!"
Hades melted into nothing, leaving me holding empty black robes.
I cursed and got to my feet, breathing heavily.
Now that the danger was over, I realized how tired I
was.
Every muscle in my body ached.
I looked down at my clothes.
They were slashed to pieces and full
of bullet holes, but I was fine.
Not a mark on me.
Nico's mouth hung open.
"You just . . .
with a sword . . .
you just—"

"I think the river thing worked," I said.
"Oh gee," he said sarcastically.
"You think?"
Mrs. O'Leary barked happily and wagged her tail.
She bounded around, sniffing empty uniforms and
hunting for bones.
I lifted Hades's robe.
I could still see the tormented faces shimmering in the fabric.
I walked to the edge of the river.
"Be free.
"
I dropped the robe in the water and watched as it swirled away, dissolving in the current.
"Go back to your father," I told Nico.
"Tell him he owes me for letting him go.
Find out what's going
to happen to Mount Olympus and convince him to help.
"
Nico stared at me.
"I . . .
I can't.
He'll hate me now.
I mean . . .
even more.
"
"You have to," I said.
"You owe me too."
His ears turned red.
"Percy, I told you I was sorry.
Please . . .
let me come with you.
I want to fight.
"
"You'll be more help down here.
"
"You mean you don't trust me anymore," he said miserably.
I didn't answer.
I didn't know what I meant.
I was too stunned by what I'd just done in battle to think
clearly.
"Just go back to your father," I said, trying not to sound too harsh.
"Work on him.
You're the only
person who might be able to get him to listen.
"
"That's a depressing thought."
Nico sighed.
"All right.
I'll do my best.
Besides, he's still hiding
something from me about my mom.
Maybe I can find out what.
"
"Good luck.
Now Mrs. O'Leary and I have to go."
"Where?" Nico said.
I looked at the cave entrance and thought about the long climb back to the world of the living.
"To get
this war started.
I took the risk of using my mom's cell phone to call Annabeth for the second time.
I'd called her once

from the runnel but only reached her voice mail.
I'd gotten surprisingly good reception, seeing as I was at
the mythological center of the world and all, but I didn't want to see what my mom's roaming charges
were going to be.
This time, Annabeth picked up.
"Hey," I said.
"You get my message?"
"Percy, where have you been?
Your message said almost nothing!
We've been worried sick!"
"I'll fill you in later," I said, though how I was going to do that I had no idea.
"Where are you?"
"We're on our way like you asked, almost to the Queens—Midtown Tunnel.
But, Percy, what are you
planning?
We've left the camp virtually undefended, and there's no way the gods—"
"Trust me," I said.
"I'll see you there.
"
I hung up.
My hands were trembling.
I wasn't sure if it was a leftover reaction from my dip in the
Styx, or anticipation of what I was about to do.
If this didn't work, being invulnerable wasn't going to save
me from getting blasted to bits.
It was late afternoon when the taxi dropped me at the Empire State Building.
Mrs. O'Leary bounded
up and down Fifth Avenue, licking cabs and sniffing hot dog carts.
Nobody seemed to notice her,
although people did swerve away and look confused when she came close.
I whistled for her to heel as three white vans pulled up to the curb.
They said Delphi Strawberry
Service, which was the cover name for Camp Half-Blood.
I'd never seen all three vans in the same place
at once, though I knew they shuttled our fresh produce into the city.
The first van was driven by Argus, our many-eyed security chief.
The other two were driven by
harpies, who are basically demonic human/chicken hybrids with bad attitudes.
We used the harpies
mostly for cleaning the camp, but they did pretty well in midtown traffic too.
The doors slid open.
A bunch of campers climbed out, some of them looking a little green from the
long drive.
I was glad so many had come: Pollux, Silena Beauregard, the Stoll brothers, Michael Yew,
Jake Mason, Katie Gardner, and Annabeth, along with most of their siblings.
Chiron came out of the van
last.
His horse half was compacted into his magic wheelchair, so he used the handicap lift.
The Ares cabin
wasn't here, but I tried not to get too angry about that.
"
I realized I was thinking about my strange vision of Annabeth pulling me out of the Styx River.
"It's,
uh, nothing."
I turned to the rest of the group.
"Thanks for coming, everybody.
Chiron, after you."
My old mentor shook his head.
"I came to wish you luck, my boy.
But I make it a point never to visit
Olympus unless I am summoned."
"But you're our leader.
"
He smiled.
"I am your trainer, your teacher.
That is not the same as being your leader.
I will go gather
what allies I can.
It may not be too late to convince my brother centaurs to help.
Meanwhile, you called
the campers here, Percy.
You are the leader.
"
I wanted to protest, but everybody was looking at me expectantly, even Annabeth.
I took a deep breath.
"Okay, like I told Annabeth on the phone, something bad is going to happen by
tonight.
Some kind of trap.
Last year Annabeth had gotten on Hera's bad side,
but Annabeth hadn't really talked about it since.
"Just little stuff so far," she said.
"Her sacred animal is the cow, right?"
"Right."
"So she sends cows after me.
"
I tried not to smile.
"Cows?
In San Francisco?"
"Oh, yeah.
Usually I don't see them, but the cows leave me little presents all over the place—in our
backyard, on the sidewalk, in the school hallways.
I have to be careful where I step.
"
"Look!"
Pollux cried, pointing toward the horizon.
"What is that?"
We all froze.
Blue lights were streaking across the evening sky toward Olympus like tiny comets.
They seemed to be coming from all over the city, heading straight toward the mountain.
As they got
close, they fizzled out.
We watched them for several minutes and they didn't seem to do any damage, but
still it was strange.
"Like infrared scopes," Michael Yew muttered.
"We're being targeted."
"Let's get to the palace," I said.
No one was guarding the hall of the gods.
The gold-and-silver doors stood wide open.
Our footsteps

echoed as we walked into the throne room.
Of course, "room" doesn't really cover it.
The place was the size of Madison Square Garden.
High
above, the blue ceiling glittered with constellations.
Twelve giant empty thrones stood in a U around a
hearth.
In one corner, a house-size globe of water hovered in the air, and inside swam my old friend the
Ophiotaurus, half-cow, half-serpent.
"Moooo!"
he said happily, turning in a circle.
Despite all the serious stuff going on, I had to smile.
Two years ago we'd spent a lot of time trying to
save the Ophiotaurus from the Titans, and I'd gotten kind of fond of him.
He seemed to like me too, even
though I'd originally thought he was a girl and named him Bessie.
"Hey, man," I said.
"They treating you okay?"
"Mooo," Bessie answered.
We walked toward the thrones, and a woman's voice said, "Hello again, Percy Jackson.
You and your
friends are welcome.
"
Hestia stood by the hearth, poking the flames with a stick.
She wore the same kind of simple brown
dress as she had before, but she was a grown woman now.
I bowed.
"Lady Hestia."
My friends followed my example.
Hestia regarded me with her red glowing eyes.
"I see you went through with your plan.
You bear the
curse of Achilles."
The other campers started muttering among themselves:
What did she say?
What about Achilles?
"You must be careful," Hestia warned me.
"You gained much on your journey.
But you are still blind
to the most important truth.
Perhaps a glimpse is in order.
"
Annabeth nudged me.
"Um . . .
what is she talking about?"
I stared into Hestia's eyes, and an image rushed into my mind: I saw a dark alley between red brick
warehouses.
A sign above one of the doors read RICHMOND IRONWORKS.
Two half-bloods crouched in the shadows—a boy about fourteen and a girl about twelve.
I tell you what, Annabeth—you're pretty fierce.
We could use a fighter like
you."
Annabeth's eyes widened.
"You could?"
"Oh, yeah."
Annabeth gripped the hilt.
"We'd better get going, Annabeth.
We have a safe house on the James River.
We'll get
you some clothes and food.
"
"You're . . .
you're not going to take me back to my family?"
she said.
Annabeth said happily.
"Now, come on," Thalia said.
"We can't stay put for long!"
The scene shifted.
The three demigods were running through the woods.
It must've been several days
later, maybe even weeks.
All of them looked beat up, like they'd seen some battles.
Annabeth was
wearing new clothes—jeans and an oversize army jacket.
"Just a little farther!"
"But—"
"That's a good idea," Annabeth said.
"Connor and Travis, you two lead.
"
The Stolls seemed to like that—getting handed an important responsibility right in front of their dad.
They usually never led anything except toilet paper raids.
"We're on it!"
Travis said.
They herded the
others out of the throne room, leaving Annabeth and me with Hermes.
"My lord," Annabeth said.
"Kronos is going to attack New York.
You must suspect that.
My mother
must have foreseen it."
"Your mother," Hermes grumbled.
He scratched his back with his caduceus, and George and Martha

muttered Ow, ow, ow.
"Don't get me started on your mother, young lady.
She's the reason I'm here at all.
"Please, Hermes," Annabeth said.
"You said my mother wanted to come.
Did she give you any
messages for us?"
"Messages," he muttered.
"'It'll be a great job,' they told me.
'Not much work.
Lots of worshippers.'
Hmph.
Nobody cares what I have to say.
It's always about other people's messages.”
Rodents, George mused.
I'm in it for the rodents.
Shhh, Martha scolded.
We care what Hermes has to say.
Don't we, George?
Oh, absolutely.
Can we go back to the battle now?
I want to do laser mode again.
That's fun.
"Quiet, both of you," Hermes grumbled.
The god looked at Annabeth, who was doing her big-pleading-gray-eyes thing.
"Bah," Hermes said.
"Your mother said to warn you that you are on your own.
You must hold
Manhattan without the help of the gods.
As if I didn't know that.
Why they pay her to be the wisdom
goddess, I'm not sure."
"Anything else?"
Annabeth asked.
"She said you should try plan twenty-three.
She said you would know what that meant."
Annabeth's face paled.
Obviously she knew what it meant, and she didn't like it.
"Go on.
"
"Last thing."
Hermes looked at me.
"She said to tell Percy: 'Remember the rivers.'
And, um,
something about staying away from her daughter.
"
I'm not sure whose face was redder: Annabeth's or mine.
"Thank you, Hermes," Annabeth said.
"And I . . .
I wanted to say . . .
"You should've left that subject alone."
Annabeth stepped back nervously.
"Sorry?"
"SORRY doesn't cut it!"
George and Martha curled around the caduceus, which shimmered and changed into something that
looked suspiciously like a high-voltage cattle prod.
"You should've saved him when you had the chance," Hermes growled at Annabeth.
"You're the only
one who could have.
"
I tried to step between them.
"What are you talking about?
Annabeth didn't—"
"Don't defend her, Jackson!"
Hermes turned the cattle prod toward me.
"She knows exactly what I'm
talking about."
"Maybe you should blame yourself!"
I should've kept my mouth shut, but all I could think about was
turning his attention away from Annabeth.
This whole time, he hadn't been angry with me.
He'd been
angry with her.
I turned away and made sure Annabeth did the same, because she was still frozen
in shock.
Good luck, Percy, Martha the snake whispered.
Hermes glowed with the light of a supernova.
Then he was gone.
Annabeth sat at the foot of her mother's throne and cried.
I wanted to comfort her, but I wasn't sure how.
"Annabeth," I said, "it's not your fault.
I've never seen Hermes act that way.
I guess . . .
I don't know .
. .
"
Annabeth wiped her eyes.
She stared at the hearth like it was her own funeral pyre.
I shifted uneasily.
"Um, you didn't, right?"
She didn't answer.
Her Celestial bronze knife was strapped to her arm—the same knife I'd seen in
Hestia's vision.
Annabeth frowned.
"That doesn't make sense.
But why were you visiting—" Her eyes widened.
"Hermes said you bear the curse of Achilles.
Hestia said the same thing.
Did you . .
.
did you bathe in the
River Styx?"
"Don't change the subject."
"Percy!
Did you or not?"
"Um . . .
maybe a little.
"
I told her the story about Hades and Nico, and how I'd defeated an army of the dead.
I left out the
vision of her pulling me out of the river.
I still didn't quite understand that part, and just thinking about it
made me embarrassed.
She shook her head in disbelief.
"Do you have any idea how dangerous that was?"
"I had no choice," I said.
Annabeth was still studying my face, like she was trying to see differences since my swim in the
Styx.
"I guess you're right.
My mom mentioned—"
"Plan twenty-three."
She rummaged in her pack and pulled out Daedalus's laptop.
The blue Delta symbol glowed on the
top when she booted it up.
She opened a few files and started to read.
"Here it is," she said.
"Gods, we have a lot of work to do.
"
"One of Daedalus's inventions?"
"A lot of inventions . . .
dangerous ones.
If my mother wants me to use this plan, she must think
things are very bad."
She looked at me.
"What about her message to you: 'Remember the rivers'?
What
does that mean?
"
I shook my head.
As usual, I had no clue what the gods were telling me.
Which rivers was I supposed
to remember?
The Styx?
The Mississippi?
Just then the Stoll brothers ran in to the throne room.
"You need to see this," Connor said.
"Now."
The blue lights in the sky had stopped, so at first I didn't understand what the problem was.
The other campers had gathered in a small park at the edge of the mountain.
They were clustered at
the guardrail, looking down at Manhattan.
The railing was lined with those tourist binoculars, where you
could deposit one golden drachma and see the city.
Campers were using every single one.
I looked down at the city.
I could see almost everything from here—the East River and the Hudson
River carving the shape of Manhattan, the grid of streets, the lights of skyscrapers, the dark stretch of
Central Park in the north.
Everything looked normal, but something was wrong.
I felt it in my bones
before I realized what it was.
"I don't . . .
hear anything," Annabeth said.
That was the problem.
Even from this height, I should've heard the noise of the city—millions of people bustling around,
thousands of cars and machines—the hum of a huge metropolis.
You don't think about it when you live in
New York, but it's always there.
Even in the dead of night, New York is never silent.
But it was now.
I felt like my best friend had suddenly dropped dead.
"What did they do?"
My voice sounded tight and angry.
"What did they do to my city?
"
I pushed Michael Yew away from the binoculars and took a look.
In the streets below, traffic had stopped.
Pedestrians were lying on the sidewalks, or curled up in
doorways.
There was no sign of violence, no wrecks, nothing like that.
It was as if all the people in New
York had simply decided to stop whatever they were doing and pass out.
"Are they dead?"
Silena asked in astonishment.
Ice coated my stomach.
A line from the prophecy rang in my ears: And see the world in endless sleep.
He looked at Annabeth and drew a circle in the air with

his finger.
"Yes," Annabeth agreed.
"I think it's time."
"For what?" I asked.
Argus rummaged around in the back of his van.
He brought out a bronze shield and passed it to
Annabeth.
It looked pretty much standard issue—the same kind of round shield we always used in
capture the flag.
But when Annabeth set it on the ground, the reflection on the polished metal changed
from sky and buildings to the Statue of Liberty—which wasn't anywhere close to us.
"Whoa," I said.
"A video shield."
"One of Daedalus's ideas," Annabeth said.
"I had Beckendorf make this before—" She glanced at
Silena.
"Um, anyway, the shield bends sunlight or moonlight from anywhere in the world to create a
reflection.
You can literally see any target under the sun or moon, as long as natural light is touching it.
Look."
We crowded around as Annabeth concentrated.
The image zoomed and spun at first, so I got motion
sickness just watching it.
We were in the Central Park Zoo, then zooming down East 60th, past
Bloomingdale's, then turning on Third Avenue.
"Whoa," Connor Stoll said.
"Back up.
Zoom in right there.
"
"What?" Annabeth said nervously.
"You see invaders?"
"No, right there—Dylan's Candy Bar."
Connor grinned at his brother.
"Dude, it's open.
And everyone
is asleep.
Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"
"Connor!"
Katie Gardner scolded.
She sounded like her mother, Demeter.
"This is serious.
You are
not going to loot a candy store in the middle of a war!"
"Sorry," Connor muttered, but he didn't sound very ashamed.
Annabeth passed her hand in front of the shield, and another scene popped up: FDR Drive, looking
across the river at Lighthouse Park.
"This will let us see what's going on across the city," she said.
"Thank you, Argus.
Hopefully we'll
see you back at camp . . .
someday.
"
Argus grunted.
He gave me a look that clearly meant Good luck; you'll need it, then climbed into his
van.
He and the two harpy drivers swerved away, weaving around clusters of idle cars that littered the
road.
I whistled for Mrs. O'Leary, and she came bounding over.
"Hey, girl," I said.
"I don't spend all my time on my wardrobe."
"Percy," Annabeth called.
She was still looking at the shield.
"You'd better see this.
"
The bronze image showed Long Island Sound near La Guardia.
A fleet of a dozen speedboats raced
through the dark water toward Manhattan.
Each boat was packed with demigods in full Greek armor.
At
the back of the lead boat, a purple banner emblazoned with a black scythe flapped m the night wind.
I'd
never seen that design before, but it wasn't hard to figure out: the battle flag of Kronos.
"Scan the perimeter of the island," I said.
"Quick."
Annabeth shifted the scene south to the harbor.
A Staten Island Ferry was plowing through the waves
near Ellis Island.
The deck was crowded with dracaenae and a whole pack of hellhounds.
Swimming in
front of the ship was a pod of marine mammals.
At first I thought they were dolphins.
Then I saw their
doglike faces and the swords strapped to their waists, and I realized they were telkhines—sea demons.
The scene shifted again: the Jersey shore, right at the entrance to the Lincoln Tunnel.
A hundred
assorted monsters were marching past the lanes of stopped traffic: giants with clubs, rogue Cyclopes, a
few fire-spitting dragons, and just to rub it in, a World War II-era Sherman tank, pushing cars out of its
way as it rumbled into the tunnel.
"What's happening with the mortals outside Manhattan?"
I said.
"Is the whole state asleep?"
Annabeth frowned.
"I don't think so, but it's strange.
As far as I can tell from these pictures,
Manhattan is totally asleep.
Then there's like a fifty-mile radius around the island where time is running
really, really slow.
The closer you get to Manhattan, the slower it is.
"
She showed me another scene—a New Jersey highway.
It was Saturday evening, so the traffic wasn't
as bad as it might've been on a weekday.
The drivers looked awake, but the cars were moving at about
one mile per hour.
Birds flew overhead in slow motion.
"Kronos," I said.
"He's slowing time."
"Hecate might be helping," Katie Gardner said.
"Look how the cars are all veering away from the
Manhattan exits, like they're getting a subconscious message to turn back.
"
"I don't know."
Annabeth sounded really frustrated.
She hated not knowing.
"But somehow they've
surrounded Manhattan in layers of magic.
The outside world might not even realize something is wrong.
Any mortals coming toward Manhattan will slow down so much they won't know what's happening."
"Like flies in amber," Jake Mason murmured.
Annabeth nodded.
"We shouldn't expect any help coming in.
"
I turned to my friends.
They looked stunned and scared, and I couldn't blame them.
The shield had

shown us at least three hundred enemies on the way.
There were forty of us.
And we were alone.
"All right," I said.
"We're going to hold Manhattan."
Silena tugged at her armor.
"Um, Percy, Manhattan is huge.
"
"We are going to hold it," I said.
"We have to.
"
"He's right," Annabeth said.
"The gods of the wind should keep Kronos's forces away from Olympus
by air, so he'll try a ground assault.
We have to cut off the entrances to the island.
"
"They have boats," Michael Yew pointed out.
An electric tingle went down my back.
Suddenly I understood Athena's advice: Remember the rivers.
"I'll take care of the boats," I said.
Michael frowned.
"How?"
"Just leave it to me," I said.
"We need to guard the bridges and tunnels.
Let's assume they'll try a
midtown or downtown assault, at least on their first try.
That would be the most direct way to the Empire
State Building.
Michael, take Apollo's cabin to the Williamsburg Bridge.
Katie, Demeter's cabin takes the
Brooklyn-Battery Tunnel.
Grow thorn bushes and poison ivy in the tunnel.
Do whatever you have to do,
but keep them out of there!
Conner, take half of Hermes cabin and cover the Manhattan Bridge.
Travis,
you take the other half and cover the Brooklyn Bridge.
And no stopping for looting or pillaging!"
"Awwww!"
the whole Hermes cabin complained.
"Silena, take the Aphrodite crew to the Queens-Midtown Tunnel."
"Oh my gods," one of her sisters said.
"Fifth Avenue is so on our way!
We could accessorize, and
monsters, like, totally hate the smell of Givenchy."
"No delays," I said.
"Well . . .
the perfume thing, if you think it'll work.
"
Six Aphrodite girls kissed me on the cheek in excitement.
"All right, enough!"
I closed my eyes, trying to think of what I'd forgotten.
"The Holland Tunnel.
Jake, take the Hephaestus cabin there.
Use Greek fire, set traps.
Whatever you've got.
"
He grinned.
"Gladly.
We've got a score to settle.
For Beckendorf!"
The whole cabin roared in approval.
"The 59th Street Bridge," I said.
"We'll take that," Annabeth stepped in, saving me from an embarrassing silence.
She turned to her
siblings.
"Malcolm, take the Athena cabin, activate plan twenty-three along the way, just like I showed
you.
Hold that position."
"You got it."
"I'll go with Percy," she said.
"Then we'll join you, or we'll go wherever we're needed.
"
Somebody in the back of the group said, "No detours, you two.
"
There were some giggles, but I decided to let it pass.
"All right," I said.
"Keep in touch with cell phones.
"

"We don't have cell phones," Silena protested.
I reached down, picked up some snoring lady's BlackBerry, and tossed it to Silena.
"You do now.
You all know Annabeth's number, right?
If you need us, pick up a random phone and call us.
Use it once,
drop it, then borrow another one if you have to.
That should make it harder for the monsters to zero in on
you.
"
Everyone grinned as though they liked this idea.
Travis cleared his throat.
"Uh, if we find a really nice phone—"
"No, you can't keep it," I said.
"Aw, man."
"Hold it, Percy," Jake Mason said.
"You forgot the Lincoln Tunnel.
"
I bit back a curse.
He was right.
A Sherman tank and a hundred monsters were marching through that
tunnel right now, and I'd positioned our forces everywhere else.
Then a girl's voice called from across the street: "How about you leave that to us?"
I'd never been happier to hear anyone in my life.
A band of thirty adolescent girls crossed Fifth
Avenue.
They wore white shirts, silvery camouflage pants, and combat boots.
They all had swords at
their sides, quivers on their backs, and bows at the ready.
A pack of white timber wolves milled around
their feet, and many of the girls had hunting falcons on their arms.
The girl in the lead had spiky black hair and a black leather jacket.
She wore a silver circlet on her
head like a princess's tiara, which didn't match her skull earrings or her Death to Barbie T-shirt showing a
little Barbie doll with an arrow through its head.
"Thalia!"
Annabeth cried.
"After this is over, you, Annabeth, and me: cheeseburgers and fries at that
hotel on West 57th."
"Le Parker Meridien," I said.
"You're on.
And Thalia, thanks.
"
She shrugged.
"Those monsters won't know what hit them.
Hunters, move out!"
She slapped her silver bracelet, and the shield Aegis spiraled into full form.
The golden head of
Medusa molded in the center was so horrible, the campers all backed away.
The Hunters took off down
the avenue, followed by their wolves and falcons, and I had a feeling the Lincoln Tunnel would be safe
for now.
"Thank the gods," Annabeth said.
"But if we don't blockade the rivers from those boats, guarding the
bridges and tunnels will be pointless.
"
"You're right," I said.
I looked at the campers, all of them grim and determined.
I tried not to feel like this was the last time
I'd ever see them all together.
"You're the greatest heroes of this millennium," I told them.
"It doesn't matter how many monsters
come at you.
Fight bravely, and we will win."
I raised Riptide and shouted, "FOR OLYMPUS!"
They shouted in response, and our forty voices echoed off the buildings of Midtown.
For a moment it
sounded brave, but it died quickly in the silence of ten million sleeping New Yorkers.
Annabeth and I would've had our pick of cars, but they were all wedged in bumper-to-bumper traffic.
None of the engines were running, which was weird.
It seemed the drivers had had time to turn off the
ignition before they got too sleepy.
Or maybe Morpheus had the power to put engines to sleep as well.
Most of the drivers had apparently tried to pull to the curb when they felt themselves passing out, but still
the streets were too clogged to navigate.
Finally we found an unconscious courier leaning against a brick wall, still straddling his red Vespa.
We dragged him off the scooter and laid him on the sidewalk.
"Sorry, dude," I said.
With any luck, I'd be able to bring his scooter back.
If I didn't, it would hardly
matter, because the city would be destroyed.
I drove with Annabeth behind me holding on to my waist.
We zigzagged down Broadway with our
engine buzzing through the eerie calm.
The only sounds were occasional cell phones ringing—like they
were calling out to each other, as if New York had turned into a giant electronic aviary.
Our progress was slow.
Every so often we'd come across pedestrians who'd fallen asleep right in front
of a car, and we'd move them just to be safe.
Once we stopped to extinguish a pretzel vendor's cart that
had caught on fire.
A few minutes later we had to rescue a baby carriage that was rolling aimlessly down
the street.
It turned out there was no baby in it—just somebody's sleeping poodle.
Go figure.
We parked it
safely in a doorway and kept riding.
We were passing Madison Square Park when Annabeth said, "Pull over.
"
I stopped in the middle of East 23rd.
Annabeth jumped off and ran toward the park.
By the time I
caught up with her, she was staring at a bronze statue on a red marble pedestal.
I'd probably passed it a
million times but never really looked at it.
The dude was sitting in a chair with his legs crossed.
He wore an old-fashioned suit—Abraham
Lincoln style—with a bow tie and long coattails and stuff.
A bunch of bronze books were piled under his
chair.
He held a writing quill in one hand and a big metal sheet of parchment in the other.
"Why do we care about . . ."
I squinted at the name on the pedestal.
"William H. Steward?"
"Seward," Annabeth corrected.
"He was a New York governor.
Minor demigod—son of Hebe, I
think.
But that's not important.
It's the statue I care about.
"

She climbed on a park bench and examined the base of the statue.
"Don't tell me he's an automaton," I said.
Annabeth smiled.
"Turns out most of the statues in the city are automatons.
Daedalus planted them
here just in case he needed an army."
"To attack Olympus or defend it?"
Annabeth shrugged.
"Either one.
That was plan twenty-three.
He could activate one statue and it
would start activating its brethren all over the city, until there was an army.
It's dangerous, though.
You
know how unpredictable automatons are."
"Uh-huh," I said.
We'd had our share of bad experiences with them.
"You're seriously thinking about
activating it?"
"I have Daedalus's notes," she said.
"I think I can . . .
Ah, here we go.
"
She pressed the tip of Seward's boot, and the statue stood up, its quill and paper ready.
"What's he going to do?"
I muttered.
"Take a memo?"
"Shh," Annabeth.
"Hello, William."
"Bill," I suggested.
"Bill . . .
Oh, shut up," Annabeth told me.
The statue tilted its head, looking at us with blank metal
eyes.
Annabeth cleared her throat.
"Hello, er, Governor Seward.
Command sequence: Daedalus Twentythree.
Defend Manhattan.
Begin Activation."
Seward jumped off his pedestal.
He hit the ground so hard his shoes cracked the sidewalk.
Then he
went clanking off toward the east.
"He's probably going to wake up Confucius," Annabeth guessed.
"What?" I said.
"Another statue, on Division.
The point is, they'll keep waking each other up until they're all
activated."
"And then?"
"Hopefully, they defend Manhattan."
"Do they know that we're not the enemy?"
"I think so."
"That's reassuring."
I thought about all the bronze statues in the parks, plazas, and buildings of New
York.
There had to be hundreds, maybe thousands.
Then a ball of green light exploded in the evening sky.
Greek fire, somewhere over the East River.
"We have to hurry," I said.
And we ran for the Vespa.
We parked outside Battery Park, at the lower tip of Manhattan where the Hudson and East Rivers came
together and emptied into the bay.
"Wait here," I told Annabeth.
"Percy, you shouldn't go alone.
"
"Well, unless you can breathe underwater . . .
"
She sighed.
"You are so annoying sometimes."
"Like when I'm right?
Trust me, I'll be fine.
I've got the curse of Achilles now.
I'll all invincible and
stuff.
"
Annabeth didn't look convinced.
"Just be careful.
I don't want anything to happen to you.
I mean,
because we need you for the battle.
"
I grinned.
"Back in a flash.
"
I clambered down the shoreline and waded into the water.
Just for you non-sea-god types out there, don't go swimming m New York Harbor.
It may not be as
filthy as it was in my mom's day, but that water will still probably make you grow a third eye or have
mutant children when you grow up.
I dove into the murk and sank to the bottom.
I tried to find the spot where the two rivers' currents
seemed equal—where they met to form the bay.
I figured that was the best place to get their attention.
"HEY!"
I shouted in my best underwater voice.
The sound echoed in the darkness.
"I heard you guys
are so polluted you're embarrassed to show your faces.
Is that true?"
A cold current rippled through the bay, churning up plumes of garbage and silt.
"I heard the East River is more toxic," I continued, "but the Hudson smells worse.
Or is it the other
way around?"
The water shimmered.
Something powerful and angry was watching me now.
I could sense its
presence . . .
or maybe two presences.
I was afraid I'd miscalculated with the insults.
What if they just blasted me without showing
themselves?
But these were New York river gods.
I figured their instinct would be to get in my face.
Sure enough, two giant forms appeared in front of me.
At first they were just dark brown columns of
silt, denser than the water around them.
Then they grew legs, arms, and scowling faces.
The creature on the left looked disturbingly like a telkhine.
His face was wolfish.
His body was
vaguely like a seal's—sleek black with flipper hands and feet.
His eyes glowed radiation green.
The dude on the right was more humanoid.
He was dressed in rags and seaweed, with a chain-mail
coat made of bottle caps and old plastic six-pack holders.
His face was blotchy with algae, and his beard
was overgrown.
His deep blue eyes burned with anger.
The seal, who had to be the god of the East River, said, "Are you trying to get yourself killed, kid?
Or
are you just extra stupid?"
The bearded spirit of the Hudson scoffed.
"You're the expert on stupid, East."
"Watch it, Hudson," East growled.
"Stay on your side of the island and mind your business."
"Or what?
You'll throw another garbage barge at me?"

They floated toward each other, ready to fight.
"Hold it!"
I yelled.
"We've got a bigger problem."
"The kid's right," East snarled.
"Let's both kill him, then we'll fight each other.
"
"Sounds good," Hudson said.
Before I could protest, a thousand scraps of garbage surged off the bottom and flew straight at me
from both directions: broken glass, rocks, cans, tires.
I was expecting it, though.
The water in front of me thickened into a shield.
The debris bounced off
harmlessly.
Only one piece got through—a big chunk of glass that hit my chest and probably should've
killed me, but it shattered against my skin.
The two river gods stared at me.
"Son of Poseidon?"
East asked.
I nodded.
"Took a dip in the Styx?"
Hudson asked.
"Yep."
They both made disgusted sounds.
"Well, that's perfect," East said.
"Now how do we kill him?"
"We could electrocute him," Hudson mused.
"If I could just find some jumper cables—"
"Listen to me!"
I said.
"Kronos's army is invading Manhattan.'
"
"Don't you think we know that?"
East asked.
"I can feel his boats right now.
They're almost across."
"Yep," Hudson agreed.
"I got some filthy monsters crossing my waters too."
"So stop them," I said.
"Drown them.
Sink their boats."
"Why should we?"
Hudson grumbled.
"So they invade Olympus.
What do we care?"
"Because I can pay you."
I took out the sand dollar my father had given me for my birthday.
The river gods' eyes widened.
"It's mine!"
East said.
"Give it here, kid, and I promise none of Kronos's scum are getting across the
East River."
"Forget that," Hudson said.
"That sand dollar's mine, unless you want me to let all those ships cross
the Hudson.
"
"We'll compromise."
I broke the sand dollar in half.
A ripple of clean fresh water spread out from the
break, as if all the pollution in the bay were being dissolved.
"You each get half," I said.
"In exchange, you keep all of Kronos's forces away from Manhattan."
"Oh, man," Hudson whimpered, reaching out for the sand dollar.
"It's been so long since I was clean."
"The power of Poseidon," East River murmured.
"He's a jerk, but he sure knows how to sweep
pollution away."
They looked at each other, then spoke as one: "It's a deal.
"
I gave them each a sand-dollar half, which they held reverently.
"Um, the invaders?" I prompted.
East flicked his hand.
"They just got sunk.
"
Hudson snapped his fingers.
"Bunch of hellhounds just took a dive.
"
"Thank you," I said.
"Stay clean.
"
As I rose toward the surface, East called out, "Hey, kid, any time you got a sand dollar to spend,
come on back.
Assuming you live."
"Curse of Achilles," Hudson snorted.
"They always think that'll save them, don't they?"
"If only he knew," East agreed.
They both laughed, dissolving into the water.
Back on the shore, Annabeth was talking on her cell phone, but she hung up as soon as she saw me.
She
looked pretty shaken.
"It worked," I told her.
"The rivers are safe."
"Good," she said.
"Because we've got other problems.
Michael Yew just called.
Another army is
marching over the Williamsburg Bridge.
The Apollo cabin needs help.
And Percy, the monster leading
the enemy . . .
it's the Minotaur.
"

ELEVEN
WE BREAK A BRIDGE
Fortunately, Blackjack was on duty.
I did my best taxicab whistle, and within a few minutes two dark shapes circled out of the sky.
They
looked like hawks at first, but as they descended I could make out the long galloping legs of pegasi.
Yo, boss.
Blackjack landed at a trot, his friend Porkpie right behind him.
Man, I thought those wind
gods were gonna knock us to Pennsylvania until we said we were with you!
"Thanks for coming," I told him.
"Hey, why do pegasi gallop as they fly, anyway?"
Blackjack whinnied.
Why do humans swing their arms as they walk?
I dunno, boss.
It just feels right.
Where to?
"We need to get to the Williamsburg Bridge," I said.
Blackjack lowered his neck.
You're darn right, boss.
We flew over it on the way here, and it don't look
good.
Hop on!
On the way to the bridge, a knot formed in the pit of my stomach.
The Minotaur was one of the first
monsters I'd ever defeated.
Four years ago he'd nearly killed my mother on Half-Blood Hill.
I still had
nightmares about that.
I'd been hoping he would stay dead for a few centuries, but I should've known my luck wouldn't hold.
We saw the battle before we were close enough to make out individual fighters.
It was well after
midnight now, but the bridge blazed with light.
Cars were burning.
Arcs of fire streamed in both
directions as flaming arrows and spears sailed through the air.
We came in for a low pass, and I saw the Apollo campers retreating.
They would hide behind cars and
snipe at the approaching army, setting off explosive arrows and dropping caltrops in the road, building
fiery barricades wherever they could, dragging sleeping drivers out of their cars to get them out of harm's
way.
But the enemy kept advancing.
An entire phalanx of dracaenae marched in the lead, their shields
locked together, spear tips bristling over the top.
An occasional arrow would connect with their snaky
trunks, or a neck, or a chink in their armor, and the unlucky snake woman would disintegrate, but most of
the Apollo arrows glanced harmlessly off their shield wall.
About a hundred more monsters marched
behind them.
Hellhounds leaped ahead of the line from time to time.
Most were destroyed with arrows, but one got
hold of an Apollo camper and dragged him away.
I didn't see what happened to him next.
I didn't want to
know.
"There!"
Annabeth called from the back of her pegasus.
Sure enough, in the middle of the invading legion was Old Beefhead himself.
The last time I'd seen the Minotaur, he'd been wearing nothing but his tighty whities.
I don't know
why.
Maybe he'd been shaken out of bed to chase me.
This time, he was prepared for battle.
From the waist down, he wore standard Greek battle gear—a kiltlike apron of leather and metal flaps,
bronze greaves covering his legs, and tightly wrapped leather sandals.
His top was all bull—hair and hide
and muscle leading to a head so large he should've toppled over just from the weight of his horns.
He
seemed larger than the last time I'd seen him—ten feet tall at least.
A double-bladed axe was strapped to
his back, but he was too impatient to use it.
As soon as he saw me circling overhead (or sniffed me, more
likely, since his eyesight was bad), he bellowed and picked up a white limousine.
"Blackjack, dive!"
I yelled.
What?
The pegasus asked.
No way could he . . .
Holy horse feed!
We were at least a hundred feet up, but the limo came sailing toward us, flipping fender over fender
like a two-ton boomerang.
Annabeth and Porkpie swerved madly to the left, while Blackjack tucked in his
wings and plunged.
The limo sailed over my head, missing by maybe two inches.
It cleared the
suspension lines of the bridge and fell toward the East River.
Monsters jeered and shouted, and the Minotaur picked up another car.
"Drop us behind the lines with the Apollo cabin," I told Blackjack.
"Stay in earshot but get out of
danger!"
I ain't gonna argue, boss!
Blackjack swooped down behind an overturned school bus, where a couple of campers were hiding.
Annabeth and I leaped off as soon as our pegasi's hooves touched the pavement.
Then Blackjack and
Porkpie soared into the night sky.
Michael Yew ran up to us.
He was definitely the shortest commando I'd ever seen.
He had a bandaged
cut on his arm.
His ferrety face was smeared with soot and his quiver was almost empty, but he was
smiling like he was having a great time.
"Glad you could join us," he said.
"Where are the other reinforcements?"
"For now, we're it," I said.
"Then we're dead," he said.
"You still have your flying chariot?"
Annabeth asked.
"Nah," Michael said.
"Left it at camp.
"Percy," Annabeth said, "let me come with you.
"
"Too dangerous," I said.
"Besides, I need you to help Michael coordinate the defensive line.
I'll
distract the monsters.
You group up here.
Move the sleeping mortals out of the way.
Then you can start
picking off monsters while I keep them focused on me.
If anybody can do all that, you can."
Michael snorted.
"Thanks a lot.
"
I kept my eyes on Annabeth.
She nodded reluctantly.
"All right.
Get moving.
"
Before I could lose my courage, I said, "Don't I get a kiss for luck?
It's kind of a tradition, right?"
I figured she would punch me.
Instead, she drew her knife and stared at the army marching toward us.
"Come back alive, Seaweed Brain.
Then we'll see.
"
I figured it was the best offer I would get, so I stepped out from behind the school bus.
I walked up
the bridge in plain sight, straight toward the enemy.
When the Minotaur saw me, his eyes burned with hate.
He bellowed—a sound that was somewhere
between a yell, a moo, and a really loud belch.
"Hey, Beef Boy," I shouted back.
"Didn't I kill you already?"
He pounded his fist into the hood of a Lexus, and it crumpled like aluminum foil.
A few dracaenae threw flaming javelins at me.
I knocked them aside.
A hellhound lunged, and I
sidestepped.
I could have stabbed it, but I hesitated.
This is not Mrs. O'Leary, I reminded myself.
This is an untamed monster.
It will kill me and all my
friends.
It pounced again.
This time I brought Riptide up in a deadly arc.
The hellhound disintegrated into dust
and fur.
More monsters surged forward—snakes and giants and telkhines—but the Minotaur roared at them,
and they backed off
"One on one?"
I called.
"Just like old times?"
The Minotaur's nostrils quivered.
He seriously needed to keep a pack of Aloe Vera Kleenex in his
armor pocket, because that nose was wet and red and pretty gross.
He unstrapped his axe and swung it
around.
It was beautiful in a harsh I’m~going~to-gut~you~like~a~fish kind of way.
Each of its twin blades
was shaped like an omega: Ω—the last letter of the Greek alphabet.
Maybe that was because the axe
would be the last thing his victims ever saw.
The shaft was about the same height as the Minotaur, bronze
wrapped in leather.
Tied around the base of each blade were lots of bead necklaces.
I realized they were
Camp Half-Blood beads—necklaces taken from defeated demigods.
I was so mad, I imagined my eyes glowing just like the Minotaur's.
I raised my sword.
The monster
army cheered for the Minotaur, but the sound died when I dodged his first swing and sliced his axe in
half, right between the handholds.
"Moo?" he grunted.
"HAAA!"
I spun and kicked him in the snout.
He staggered backward, trying to regain his footing,
then lowered his head to charge.
He never got the chance.
My sword flashed—slicing off one horn, then the other.
He tried to grab me.
I rolled away, picking up half of his broken axe.
The other monsters backed up in stunned silence, making
a circle around us.
The Minotaur bellowed in rage.
He was never very smart to begin with, but now his
anger made him reckless.
He charged me, and I ran for the edge of the bridge, breaking through a line of
dracaenae.
The Minotaur must've smelled victory.
He thought I was trying to get away.
His minions cheered.
At
the edge of the bridge, I turned and braced the axe against the railing to receive his charge.
The Minotaur
didn't even slow down.
CRUNCH.
He looked down in surprise at the axe handle sprouting from his breastplate.
"Thanks for playing," I told him.
I lifted him by his legs and tossed him over the side of the bridge.
Even as he fell, he was
disintegrating, turning back into dust, his essence returning to Tartarus.
I turned toward his army.
It was now roughly one hundred and ninety-nine to one.
I did the natural
thing.
I charged them.
You're going to ask how the "invincible" thing worked: if I magically dodged every weapon, or if the
weapons hit me and just didn't harm me.
Honestly, I don't remember.
All I knew was that I wasn't going
to let these monsters invade my hometown.
I sliced through armor like it was made of paper.
Snake women exploded.
Hellhounds melted to
shadow.
I slashed and stabbed and whirled, and I might have even laughed once or twice—a crazy laugh
that scared me as much as it did my enemies.
I was aware of the Apollo campers behind me shooting
arrows, disrupting every attempt by the enemy to rally.
Finally, the monsters turned and fled—about
twenty left alive out of two hundred.
I followed with the Apollo campers at my heels.
"Yes!" yelled Michael Yew.
"That's what I'm talking about!"
We drove them back toward the Brooklyn side of the bridge.
The sky was growing pale m the east.
I
could see the toll stations ahead.
"Percy!"
Annabeth yelled.
"You've already routed them.
Pull back!
We're overextended!"
Some part of me knew she was right, but I was doing so well, I wanted to destroy every last monster.
Then I saw the crowd at the base of the bridge.
The retreating monsters were running straight toward
their reinforcements.
It was a small group, maybe thirty or forty demigods in battle armor, mounted on
skeletal horses.
One of them held a purple banner with the black scythe design.
The lead horseman trotted forward.
He took off his helm, and I recognized Kronos himself, his eyes
like molten gold.
Annabeth and the Apollo campers faltered.
The monsters we'd been pursuing reached the Titan's line
and were absorbed into the new force.
Kronos gazed in our direction.
He was a quarter mile away, but I
swear I could see him smile.
"Now," I said, "we pull back.
"
The Titan lord's men drew their swords and charged.
The hooves of their skeletal horses thundered
against the pavement.
Our archers shot a volley, bringing down several of the enemy, but they just kept
riding.
"Retreat!"
I told my friends.
"I'll hold them.'
"
In a matter of seconds they were on me.
Michael and his archers tried to retreat, but Annabeth stayed right beside me, fighting with her knife
and mirrored shield as we slowly backed up the bridge.
Kronos's cavalry swirled around us, slashing and yelling insults.
The Titan himself advanced
leisurely, like he had all the time in the world.
Being the lord of time, I guess he did.
I tried to wound his men, not kill.
That slowed me down, but these weren't monsters.
They were
demigods who'd fallen under Kronos's spell.
I couldn't see faces under l heir battle helmets, but some of
them had probably been my friends.
I slashed the legs off their horses and made the skeletal mounts
disintegrate.
After the first few demigods took a spill, the rest figured out they'd better dismount and fight
me on foot.
Annabeth and I stayed shoulder to shoulder, facing opposite directions.
A dark shape passed over me,
and I dared to glance up.
Blackjack and Porkpie were swooping in, kicking our enemies in the helmets
and flying away like very large kamikaze pigeons.
We'd almost made it to the middle of the bridge when something strange happened.
I felt a chill down
my spine—like that old saying about someone walking on your grave.
Behind me, Annabeth cried out in
pain.
"Annabeth!"
I turned in time to see her fall, clutching her arm.
A demigod with a bloody knife stood
over her.
In a flash I understood what had happened.
He'd been trying to stab me.
Judging from the position of
his blade, he would've taken me—maybe by sheer luck—in the small of my back, my only weak point.
Annabeth had intercepted the knife with her own body.
But why?
She didn't know about my weak spot.
No one did.
I locked eyes with the enemy demigod.
He wore an eye patch under his war helm: Ethan Nakamura,
the son of Nemesis.
Somehow he'd survived the explosion on the Princess Andromeda.
I slammed him in
the face with my sword hilt so hard I dented his helm.
"Get back!"
I slashed the air in a wide arc, driving the rest of the demigods away from Annabeth.
"No one touches her!"
"Interesting," Kronos said.
He towered above me on his skeletal horse, his scythe in one hand.
He studied the scene with
narrowed eyes as if he could sense that I'd just come close to death, the way a wolf can smell fear.
"Bravely fought, Percy Jackson," he said.
"But it's time to surrender . . .
or the girl dies.
"
"Percy, don't," Annabeth groaned.
Her shirt was soaked with blood.
I had to get her out of here.
"Blackjack!"
I yelled.
As fast as light, the pegasus swooped down and clamped his teeth on the straps of Annabeth's armor.
They soared away over the river before the enemy could even react.
Kronos snarled.
"Some day soon, I am going to make pegasus soup.
But in the meantime . . ."
He
dismounted, his scythe glistening in the dawn light.
"I'll settle for another dead demigod.
"
I met his first strike with Riptide.
The impact shook the entire bridge, but I held my ground.
Kronos's
smile wavered.
With a yell, I kicked his legs out from under him.
His scythe skittered across the pavement.
I stabbed
downward, but he rolled aside and regained his footing.
His scythe flew back to his hands.
"So . . ."
He studied me, looking mildly annoyed.
"You had the courage to visit the Styx.
it's Annabeth.
"

TWELVE
RACHEL MAKES A
BAD DEAL
I grabbed Will Solace from the Apollo cabin and told the rest of his siblings to keep searching for
Michael Yew.
We borrowed a Yamaha FZI from a sleeping biker and drove to the Plaza Hotel at speeds
that would've given my mom a heart attack.
I'd never driven a motorcycle before, but it wasn't any harder

than riding a pegasus.
Along the way, I noticed a lot of empty pedestals that usually held statues.
Plan twenty-three seemed
to be working.
I didn't know if that was good or bad.
It only took us five minutes to reach the Plaza—an old-fashioned white stone hotel with a gabled blue
roof, sitting at the southeast corner of Central Park.
Tactically speaking, the Plaza wasn't the best place for a headquarters.
It wasn't the tallest building in
town, or the most centrally located.
But it had old-school style and had attracted a lot of famous demigods
over the years, like the Beatles and Alfred Hitchcock, so I figured we were in good company.
I gunned the Yamaha over the curb and swerved to a stop at the fountain outside the hotel.
Will and I hopped off.
The statue at the top of the fountain called down, "Oh, fine.
I suppose you
want me to watch your bike too!"
She was a life-size bronze standing in the middle of a granite bowl.
She wore only a bronze sheet
around her legs, and she was holding a basket of metal fruit.
I'd never paid her too much attention before.
Then again, she'd never talked to me before.
"Are you supposed to be Demeter?"
I asked.
A bronze apple sailed over my head.
"Everyone thinks I'm Demeter.'" she complained.
"I'm Pompona, the Roman Goddess of Plenty, but
why should you care?
Nobody cares about the minor gods.
If you cared about the minor gods, you
wouldn't be losing this war!
Three cheers for Morpheus and Hecate, I say!"
"Watch the bike," I told her.
Pompona cursed in Latin and threw more fruit as Will and I ran toward the hotel.
I'd never actually been inside the Plaza.
The lobby was impressive, with the crystal chandeliers and the
passed-out rich people, but I didn't pay much attention.
A couple of Hunters gave us directions to the
elevators, and we rode up to the penthouse suites.
Demigods had completely taken over the top floors.
Campers and Hunters were crashed out on sofas,
washing up in the bathrooms, ripping silk draperies to bandage their wounds, and helping themselves to
snacks and sodas from the minibars.
A couple of timber wolves were drinking out of the toilets.
I was
relieved to see that so many of my friends had made it through the night alive, but everybody looked beat
up.
"Percy!"
Jake Mason clapped me on the shoulder.
"We're getting reports—"
"Later," I said.
"Where's Annabeth?"
"The terrace.
She's alive, man, but . . .
"
I pushed past him.
Under different circumstances I would've loved the view from the terrace.
It looked straight down
onto Central Park.
The morning was clear and bright—perfect for a picnic or a hike, or pretty much
anything except fighting monsters.
Annabeth lay on a lounge chair.
Her face was pale and beaded with sweat.
Even though she was
covered in blankets, she shivered.
Silena Beauregard was wiping her forehead with a cool cloth.
Will and I pushed through a crowd of Athena kids.
Will unwrapped Annabeth's bandages to examine
the wound, and I wanted to faint.
The bleeding had stopped but the gash looked deep.
The skin around the
cut was a horrible shade of green.
"Annabeth . . ."
I choked up.
She'd taken that knife for me.
How could I have let that happen?
"Poison on the dagger," she mumbled.
"Pretty stupid of me, huh?"
Will Solace exhaled with relief.
"It's not so bad, Annabeth.
A few more minutes
and we would've
been in trouble, but the venom hasn't gotten past the shoulder yet.
Just lie still.
Somebody hand me some
nectar.
"
I grabbed a canteen.
Will cleaned out the wound with the godly drink while I held Annabeth's hand.
"Ow," she said.
"Ow, ow!"
She gripped my fingers so tight they turned purple, but she stayed still,
like Will asked.
Silena muttered words of encouragement.
Will put some silver paste over the wound and
hummed words in Ancient Greek—a hymn to Apollo.
Then he applied fresh bandages and stood up
shakily.
The healing must've taken a lot of his energy.
He looked almost as pale as Annabeth.
"That should do it," he said.
"But we're going to need some mortal supplies.
"
He grabbed a piece of hotel stationery, jotted down some notes, and handed it to one of the Athena
guys.
"There's a Duane Reade on Fifth.
Normally I would never steal—"
"I would," Travis volunteered.
Will glared at him.
"Leave cash or drachmas to pay, whatever you've got, but this is an emergency.
I've got a feeling we're going to have a lot more people to treat.
"
Nobody disagreed.
There was hardly a single demigod who hadn't already been wounded . . .
except
me.
"Come on, guys," Travis Stoll said.
"Let's give Annabeth some space.
We've got a drugstore to raid .
.
.
I mean, visit.
"
The demigods shuffled back inside.
Jake Mason grabbed my shoulder as he was leaving.
"We'll talk
later, but it's under control.
I'm using Annabeth's shield to keep an eye on things.
The enemy withdrew at
sunrise; not sure why.
We've got a lookout at each bridge and tunnel."
"Thanks, man," I said.
He nodded.
"Just take your time.
"

He closed the terrace doors behind him, leaving Silena, Annabeth, and me alone.
Silena pressed a cool cloth to Annabeth's forehead.
"This is all my fault."
"No," Annabeth said weakly.
"Silena, how is it your fault?"
"I've never been any good at camp," she murmured.
"Not like you or Percy.
If I was a better fighter .
.
.
"
Her mouth trembled.
Ever since Beckendorf died she'd been getting worse, and every time I looked at
her, it made me angry about his death all over again.
Her expression reminded me of glass—like she
might break any minute.
I swore to myself that if I ever found the spy who'd cost her boyfriend his life, I
would give him to Mrs. O'Leary as a chew toy.
"You're a great camper," I told Silena.
"You're the best pegasus rider we have.
And you get along
with people.
"
I exchanged looks with Annabeth.
She nodded slightly.
I didn't like the idea.
Once she was gone, I knelt next to Annabeth and felt her forehead.
She was still burning up.
"You're cute when you're worried," she muttered.
"Your eyebrows get all scrunched together.
"
"You are not going to die while I owe you a favor," I said.
"Why did you take that knife?"
"You would've done the same for me.
"
It was true.
I guess we both knew it.
Still, I felt like somebody was poking my heart with a cold metal
rod.
"How did you know?"
"Know what?"
I looked around to make sure we were alone.
Then I leaned in close and whispered: "My Achilles
spot.
If you hadn't taken that knife, I would've died.
"
She got a faraway look in her eyes.
Her breath smelled of grapes, maybe from the nectar.
"I don't

know, Percy.
I just had this feeling you were in danger.
Where . . .
where is the spot?"
I wasn't supposed to tell anyone.
But this was Annabeth.
If I couldn't trust her, I couldn't trust anyone.
"The small of my back.
"
She lifted her hand.
"Where?
Here?"
She put her hand on my spine, and my skin tingled.
I moved her fingers to the one spot that grounded
me to my mortal life.
A thousand volts of electricity seemed to arc through my body.
"You saved me," I said.
"Thanks."
She removed her hand, but I kept holding it.
"So you owe me," she said weakly.
"What else is new?"
We watched the sun come up over the city.
The traffic should've been heavy by now, but there were
no cars honking, no crowds bustling along the sidewalks.
Far away, I could hear a car alarm echo through the streets.
A plume of black smoke curled into the
sky somewhere over Harlem.
I wondered how many ovens had been left on when the Morpheus spell hit;
how many people had fallen asleep in the middle of cooking dinner.
Pretty soon there would be more
fires.
Everyone in New York was in danger—and all those lives depended on us.
"You asked me why Hermes was mad at me," Annabeth said.
"Hey, you need to rest—"
"No, I want to tell you.
It's been bothering me for a long time."
She moved her shoulder and winced.
"I heard about Annabeth.
Is she . . .?
"
"She's going to be fine.
She's resting.
"
Grover took a deep breath.
"That's good.
I've mobilized most of the nature spirits in the city—well,
the ones that will listen to me, anyway."
He rubbed his forehead.
"I had no idea acorns could hurt so
much.
Anyway, we're helping out as much as we can.
"
He told me about the skirmishes they'd seen.
Mostly they'd been covering uptown, where we didn't
have enough demigods.
Hellhounds had appeared in all sorts of places, shadow-traveling inside our lines,
and the dryads and satyrs had been fighting them off.
A young dragon had appeared in Harlem, and a
dozen wood nymphs died before the monster was finally defeated.
She nodded to me grimly,
went outside to check on Annabeth, and came back in.
Seven-year-old Annabeth sat next to her, playing with a
Medusa beanbag toy.
Thalia, Annabeth, come on!
We're
leaving!"
"My boy, don't go!"
May Castellan called after him.
"I'm worried about Annabeth.
The girl, Annabeth, jumped in your way.
"
"She wanted to save him.
"
"But he is invulnerable," Kronos said quietly.
"You saw that yourself.
"
"I can't explain it.
Maybe she forgot.
"
"She forgot," Kronos said.
"Yes, that must've been it.
Oh dear, I forgot my friend is invulnerable and
took a knife for him.
Oops.
Tell me, Ethan, where were you aiming when you stabbed at Jackson?"
Ethan frowned.
He clasped his hand as if he were holding a blade, and mimed a thrust.
"I'm not sure,
sir.
It all happened so fast.
I wasn't aiming for any spot in particular.'
Kronos's fingers tapped the blade of his scythe.
"I see," he said in a chilly tone.
"If your memory
improves, I will expect—"
Suddenly the Titan lord winced.
The giant in the corner unfroze and the french fry fell into his mouth.
Kronos stumbled backward and sank into his throne.
"My lord?"
Ethan started forward.
I didn't want to
get Annabeth's hopes up.
"Do you think Ethan suspects about your weak spot?"
she asked.
"I don't know," I admitted.
"He didn't tell Kronos anything, but if he figures it out—"
"We can't let him."
"I'll bonk him on the head harder next time," I suggested.
"Any idea what surprise Kronos was talking
about?"
She shook her head.
"I didn't see anything in the shield, but I don't like surprises."
"Agreed."
"So," she said, "are you going to argue about me coming along?"

"Nah.
You'd just beat me up.
"
She managed a laugh, which was good to hear.
I grabbed my sword, and we went to rally the troops.
Thalia and the head counselors were waiting for us at the Reservoir.
The lights of the city were blinking
on at twilight.
I guess a lot of them were on automatic timers.
Streetlamps glowed around the shore of the
lake, making the water and trees look even spookier.
"They're coming," Thalia confirmed, pointing north with a silver arrow.
"One of my scouts just
reported they've crossed the Harlem River.
There was no way to hold them back.
The army . . ."
She
shrugged.
"It's huge.
"
"We'll hold them at the park," I said.
"Grover, you ready?"
He nodded.
"As ready as we'll ever be.
If my nature spirits can stop them anywhere, this is the place."
"Yes, we will!" said another voice.
A very old, fat satyr pushed through the crowd, stumbling over his
own spear.
He was dressed in wood-bark armor that only covered half of his belly.
"Leneus?" I said.
"Don't act so surprised," he huffed.
"I am a leader of the Council, and you did tell me to find Grover.
Well, I found him, and I'm not going to let a mere outcast lead the satyrs without my help!"
"Hyperion," Annabeth said in awe.
"The lord of light.
Titan of the east."
"Bad?"
I guessed.
"Next to Atlas, he's the greatest Titan warrior.
In the old days, four Titans controlled the four corners
of the world.
Hyperion was the east—the most powerful.
He was the father of Helios, the first sun god.
"
"I'll keep him busy," I promised.
"Percy, even you can't—"
"Just keep our forces together.
"
We'd set up at the reservoir for good reason.
I concentrated on the water and felt its power surging
through me.
I advanced toward Hyperion, running over the top of the water.
Yeah, buddy.
Two can play that game.
Twenty feet away, Hyperion raised his sword.
His eyes were just like I'd seen in my dream—as gold
as Kronos's but brighter, like miniature suns.
"The sea god's brat," he mused.
"You're the one who trapped Atlas beneath the sky again?"
"It wasn't hard," I said.
"You Titans are about as bright as my gym socks.
"
Hyperion snarled.
"You want bright?"
His body ignited in a column of light and heat.
I looked away, but I was still blinded.
Instinctively I raised Riptide—just in time.
Hyperion's blade slammed against mine.
The shock wave
sent a ten-foot ring of water across the surface of the lake.
My eyes still burned.
I had to shut off his light.
I concentrated on the tidal wave and forced it to reverse.
Just before impact, I jumped upward on a jet
of water.
"AHHHHH!"
The waves smashed into Hyperion and he went under, his light extinguished.
I landed on the lake's surface just as Hyperion struggled to his feet.
His golden armor was dripping
wet.
His eyes no longer blazed, but they still looked murderous.
"You will burn, Jackson!"
he roared.
Our swords met again and the air charged with ozone.
The battle still raged around us.
On the right flank, Annabeth was leading an assault with her siblings.
Her wings were pink like a
flamingo's, which matched her skin beautifully, but it was hard to think of her as cute when her hooves
slammed into the ground, barely missing one of Annabeth's siblings.
The pig stomped around and tore
down half an acre of trees, belching a cloud of noxious gas.
Then it took off again, circling around for
another strike.
"Don't tell me that thing is from Greek mythology," I complained.
"Afraid so," Annabeth said.
"The Clazmonian Sow.
It terrorized Greek towns back in the day."
"Let me guess," I said.
"Hercules beat it."
"Nope," Annabeth said.
"As far as I know, no hero has ever beaten it."
"Perfect," I muttered.
The Titan's army was recovering from its shock.
I guess they realized the pig wasn't after them.
We only had seconds before they were ready to fight, and our forces were still in a panic.
I grabbed a grappling hook from one of Annabeth's siblings.
"I'll take care of it.
You guys hold the rest of the enemy.
Push them back!"
Annabeth and I raced from block to block, trying to shore up our defenses.
Too many of our friends
lay wounded in the streets.
Too many were missing.
As the night wore on and the moon got higher, we were backed up foot by foot until we were only a
block from the Empire State Building in any direction.
Whenever a monster disintegrated for
no apparent reason with a surprised look on his face, I knew Annabeth had been there.
But it still wasn't enough.
"Hold your lines!"
Katie Gardner shouted, somewhere off to my left.
The problem was there were too few of us to hold anything.
The entrance to Olympus was twenty feet
behind me.
A ring of brave demigods, Hunters, and nature spirits guarded the doors.
I slashed and hacked,
destroying everything m my path, but even I was getting tired, and I couldn't be everywhere at once.
Behind the enemy troops, a few blocks to the east, a bright light began to shine.
I thought it was the
sunrise.
Then I realized Kronos was riding toward us on a golden chariot.
A dozen Laistrygonian giants
bore torches before him.
Two Hyperboreans carried his black-and-purple banners.
The Titan lord looked
fresh and rested, his powers at full strength.
He was taking his time advancing, letting me wear myself
down.
Annabeth appeared next to me.
"We have to fall back to the doorway.
Hold it at all costs!"
She was right.
I was about to order a retreat when I heard the hunting horn.
It cut through the noise of the battle like a fire alarm.
A chorus of horns answered from all around us,
echoing off the buildings of Manhattan.
I glanced at Thalia, but she just frowned.
"Not the Hunters," she assured me.
"We're all here."
"Then who?"
The horns got louder.
I couldn't tell where they were coming from because of the echo, but it sounded
like an entire army was approaching.
I was afraid it might be more enemies, but Kronos's forces looked as confused as we were.
Giants
lowered their clubs.
Dracaenae hissed.
Even Kronos's honor guard looked uneasy.
Then, to our left, a hundred monsters cried out at once.
Kronos's entire northern flank surged forward.
I thought we were doomed, but they didn't attack.
They ran straight past us and crashed into their southern
allies.
A new blast of horns shattered the night.
The air shimmered.
In a blur of movement, an entire cavalry
appeared as if dropping out of light speed.
"Yeah, baby!"
a voice wailed.
"PARTY!"
A shower of arrows arced over our heads and slammed into the enemy, vaporizing hundreds of
demons.
But these weren't regular arrows.
They made whizzy sounds as they flew, like WHEEEEEE!
Some had pinwheels attached to them.
Others had boxing gloves rather than points.
"Centaurs!"
Annabeth yelled.
The Party Pony army exploded into our midst in a riot of colors: tie-dyed shirts, rainbow Afro wigs,
oversize sunglasses, and war-painted faces.
Some had slogans scrawled across their flanks like HORSEZ
PWN or KRONOS SUX.
Hundreds of them filled the entire block.
My brain couldn't process everything I saw, but I knew if I

were the enemy, I'd be running.
"Percy!"
Chiron shouted across the sea of wild centaurs.
He was dressed in armor from the waist up,
his bow in his hand, and he was grinning in satisfaction.
"Sorry we're late!"
"DUDE!"
Another centaur yelled.
"Talk later.
WASTE MONSTERS NOW!"
He locked and loaded a double-barrel paint gun and blasted an enemy hellhound bright pink.
The
paint must've been mixed with Celestial bronze dust or something, because as soon as it splattered the
hellhound, the monster yelped and dissolved into a pink-and-black puddle.
"PARTY PONIES.'" a centaur yelled.
"SOUTH FLORIDA!
"
Somewhere across the battlefield, a twangy voice yelled back, "HEART OF TEXAS CHAPTER!"
"HAWAII OWNS YOUR FACES!"
a third one shouted.
It was the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen.
The entire Titan army turned and fled, pushed back by a
flood of paintballs, arrows, swords, and NERF baseball bats.
The centaurs trampled everything in their
path.
"Stop running, you fools!"
Kronos yelled.
"Stand and ACKK!
"
That last part was because a panicked Hyperborean giant stumbled backward and sat on top of him.
The lord of time disappeared under a giant blue butt.
We pushed them for several blocks until Chiron yelled, "HOLD!
On your promise, HOLD!"
It wasn't easy, but eventually the order got relayed up and down the ranks of centaurs, and they
started to pull back, letting the enemy flee.
"Chiron's smart," Annabeth said, wiping the sweat off her face.
"If we pursue, we'll get too spread
out.
We need to regroup."
"But the enemy—"
"They're not defeated," she agreed.
"But the dawn is coming.
At least we've bought some time.
"
I didn't like pulling back, but I knew she was right.
I watched as the last of the telkhines scuttled
toward the East River.
Then reluctantly I turned and headed back toward the Empire State Building.
We set up a two-block perimeter, with a command tent at the Empire State Building.
Chiron informed us
that the Party Ponies had sent chapters from almost every state in the Union: forty from California, two
from Rhode Island, thirty from Illinois . . .
Roughly five hundred total had answered his call, but even
with that many, we couldn't defend more than a few blocks.
"Dude," said a centaur named Larry.
His T-shirt identified him as BIG CHIEF UBER GUY, NEW
MEXICO CHAPTER.
"That was more fun than our last convention in Vegas!"
"Yeah," said Owen from South Dakota.
He wore a black leather jacket and an old WWII army

helmet.
"We totally wasted them!"
Chiron patted Owen on the back.
"You did well, my friends, but don't get careless.
Kronos should
never be underestimated.
Now why don't you visit the diner on West 33rd and get some breakfast?
I hear
the Delaware chapter found a stash of root beer.
"
"Root beer!"
They almost trampled each other as they galloped off.
Chiron smiled.
Annabeth gave him a big hug, and Mrs. O'Leary licked his face.
"Ack," he grumbled.
"Enough of that, dog.
Yes, I'm glad to see you too."
"Chiron, thanks," I said.
"Talk about saving the day."
He shrugged.
"I'm sorry it took so long.
Centaurs travel fast, as you know.
We can bend distance as
we ride.
Even so, getting all the centaurs together was no easy task.
The Party Ponies are not exactly
organized."
"How'd you get through the magic defenses around the city?"
Annabeth asked.
"They slowed us down a bit," Chiron admitted, "but I think they're intended mostly to keep mortals
out.
Kronos doesn't want puny humans getting in the way of his great victory.
"
"So maybe other reinforcements can get through," I said hopefully.
Chiron stroked his beard.
"Perhaps, though time is short.
As soon as Kronos regroups, he will attack
again.
Without the element of surprise on our side . . .
"
I understood what he meant.
Kronos wasn't beaten.
Not by a long shot.
I half hoped Kronos had been
squashed under that Hyperborean giant's butt, but I knew better.
He'd be back, tonight at the latest.
"And Typhon?"
I asked.
Chiron's face darkened.
"The gods are tiring.
Dionysus was incapacitated yesterday.
Typhon smashed
his chariot, and the wine god went down somewhere m the Appalachians.
No one has seen him since.
Hephaestus is out of action as well.
He was thrown from the battle so hard he created a new lake in West
Virginia.
He will heal, but not soon enough to help.
The others still fight.
They've managed to slow
Typhon's approach.
But the monster can not be stopped.
He will arrive in New York by this time
tomorrow.
Once he and Kronos combine forces—"
"Then what chance do we have?"
I said.
"We can't hold out another day.
"
"We'll have to," Thalia said.
"I'll see about setting some new traps around the perimeter.
"
She looked exhausted.
Her jacket was smeared in grime and monster dust, but she managed to get to
her feet and stagger off.
"I will help her," Chiron decided.
"I should make sure my brethren don't go too overboard with the
root beer.
"
I thought "too overboard" pretty much summed up the Party Ponies, but Chiron cantered off, leaving
Annabeth and me alone.
She cleaned the monster slime off her knife.
I'd seen her do that hundreds of times, but I'd never
thought about why she cared so much about the blade.
"At least your mom is okay," I offered.
"If you call fighting Typhon okay."
She locked eyes with me.
"Percy, even with the centaurs' help, I'm
starting to think—"
"I know."
I had a bad feeling this might be our last chance to talk, and I felt like there were a million
things I hadn't told her.
"Listen, there were some . . .
some visions Hestia showed me."
"
Annabeth slipped her knife back into its sheath.
"
Years ago in the Sea of Monsters, Annabeth had told me her biggest flaw was pride—thinking she
could fix anything.
I'd even seen a glimpse of her deepest desire, shown to her by the Sirens' magic.
Annabeth had imagined her mother and father together, standing in front of a newly rebuilt Manhattan,
designed by Annabeth.
"
"Percy," Annabeth said gently.
"I can't leave them here!"
I sounded a little crazy.
I pounded on the windshield.
"I have to move them.
I have to—"
"Percy, just . . .
just hold on."
Annabeth waved to Chiron, who was talking to some centaurs down the
block.
"We can push the car to a side street, all right?
They're going to be fine.
"
My hands trembled.
After all I'd been through over the last few days, I felt so stupid and weak, but
the sight of my parents made me want to break down.
Chiron galloped over.
"What's . . .
Oh dear.
I see.
"
"They were coming to find me," I said.
"My mom must've sensed something was wrong.
"

"Most likely," Chiron said.
"But, Percy, they will be fine.
The best thing we can do for them is stay
focused on our job.
"
Then I noticed something in the backseat of the Prius, and my heart skipped a beat.
Seat-belted
behind my mother was a black-and-white Greek jar about three feet tall.
Its lid was wrapped in a leather
harness.
"No way," I muttered.
Annabeth pressed her hand to the window.
"That's impossible!
I thought you left that at the Plaza.
"
"Locked in a vault," I agreed.
Chiron saw the jar and his eyes widened.
"That isn't— "
"Pandora's jar."
I told him about my meeting with Prometheus.
"Then the jar is yours," Chiron said grimly.
"It will follow you and tempt you to open it, no matter
where you leave it.
It will appear when you are weakest.
"
Like now, I thought.
Looking at my helpless parents.
I imagined Prometheus smiling, so anxious to help out us poor mortals.
Give up Hope, and I will
know that you are surrendering.
I promise Kronos will be lenient.
Anger surged through me.
I drew Riptide and cut through the driver's side window like it was made
of plastic wrap.
"We'll put the car in neutral," I said.
"Push them out of the way.
And take that stupid jar to Olympus.
"
Chiron nodded.
"A good plan.
But, Percy . . .
"
Whatever he was going to say, he faltered.
A mechanical drumbeat grew loud in the distance—the
chop-chop-chop of a helicopter.
On a normal Monday morning in New York, this would've been no big deal, but after two days of
silence, a mortal helicopter was the oddest thing I'd ever heard.
A few blocks east, the monster army
shouted and jeered as the helicopter came into view.
It was a civilian model painted dark red, with a
bright green "DE" logo on the side.
The words under the logo were too small to read, but I knew what
they said: DARE ENTERPRISES.
My throat closed up.
I looked at Annabeth and could tell she recognized the logo too.
Her face was as
red as the helicopter.
"What is she doing here?"
Annabeth demanded.
"How did she get through the barrier?"
"Who?"
Chiron looked confused.
"What mortal would be insane enough—"
Suddenly the helicopter pitched forward.
"The Morpheus enchantment!"
Chiron said.
"The foolish mortal pilot is asleep.
"
I watched in horror as the helicopter careened sideways, falling toward a row of office buildings.
Even if it didn't crash, the gods of the air would probably swat it out of the sky for coming near the
Empire State Building.
I was too paralyzed to move, but Annabeth whistled and Guido the pegasus swooped out of nowhere.
You rang for a handsome horse?
he asked.
"Come on, Percy," Annabeth growled.
"We have to save your friend."

SIXTEEN
WE GET HELP FROM
A THIEF
Here's my definition of not fun.
Fly a pegasus toward an out-of-control helicopter.
If Guido had been any
less of a fancy flier, we would've been chopped to confetti.
I could hear Rachel screaming inside.
For some reason, she hadn't fallen asleep, but I could see the
pilot slumped over the controls, pitching back and forth as the helicopter wobbled toward the side of an
office building.
"Ideas?"
I asked Annabeth.
"You're going to have to take Guido and get out," she said.
"What are you going to do?
"
In response, she said, "Hyah!"
and Guido went into a nosedive.
"Duck!"
Annabeth yelled.
We passed so close to the rotors I felt the force of the blades ripping at my hair.
We zipped along the
side of the helicopter, and Annabeth grabbed the door.
That's when things went wrong.
Guido's wing slammed against the helicopter.
He plummeted straight down with me on his back,
leaving Annabeth dangling from the side of the aircraft.
I was so terrified I could barely think, but as
Guido spiraled I caught a glimpse of Rachel pulling Annabeth inside the copter.
"Hang in there!"
I yelled at Guido.
My wing, he moaned.
It's busted.
"You can do it!"
I desperately tried to remember what Silena used to tell us in pegasus-riding lessons.
"Just relax the wing.
Extend it and glide.
"
We fell like a rock—straight toward the pavement three hundred feet below.
At the last moment
Guido extended his wings.
I saw the faces of centaurs gaping up at us.
Then we pulled out of our dive,
sailed fifty feet, and tumbled onto the pavement—pegasus over demigod.
Ow! Guido moaned.
My legs.
My head.
My wings.
Chiron galloped over with his medical pouch and began working on the pegasus.
I got to my feet.
When I looked up, my heart crawled into my throat.
The helicopter was only a few
seconds away from slamming into the side of the building.
Then miraculously the helicopter righted itself.
It spun in a circle and hovered.
Very slowly, it began
to descend.
It seemed to take forever, but finally the helicopter thudded to a landing in the middle of Fifth
Avenue.
I looked through the windshield and couldn't believe what I was seeing.
Annabeth was at the
controls.
I ran forward as the rotors spun to a stop.
Rachel opened the side door and dragged out the pilot.
Rachel was still dressed like she was on vacation, in beach shorts, a T-shirt, and sandals.
Her hair was
tangled and her face was green from the helicopter ride.
Annabeth climbed out last.
I stared at her in awe.
"I didn't know you could fly a helicopter."
"Neither did I," she said.
"My dad's crazy into aviation.
Plus, Daedalus had some notes on flying
machines.
I just took my best guess on the controls.
"
"You saved my life," Rachel said.
Annabeth flexed her bad shoulder.
"Yeah, well . . .
let's not make a habit of it.
What are you doing
here, Dare?
Don't you know better than to fly into a war zone?"
"I—" Rachel glanced at me.
"I had to be here.
I knew Percy was in trouble.
"
"Got that right," Annabeth grumbled.
"Well, if you'll excuse me, I have some injured friends I've got
to tend to.
Glad you could stop by, Rachel.
"
'Annabeth—" I called.
She stormed off.
Rachel plopped down on the curb and put her head in her hands.
"I'm sorry, Percy.
I didn't mean to . .
.
I always mess things up.
"
It was kind of hard to argue with her, though I was glad she was safe.
I looked in the direction
Annabeth had gone, but she'd disappeared into the crowd.
I couldn't believe what she'd just done—saved

Rachel's life, landed a helicopter, and walked away like it was no big deal.
"It's okay," I told Rachel, though my words sounded hollow.
"So what's the message you wanted to
deliver?"
She frowned.
"How did you know about that?"
"A dream.
"
Rachel didn't look surprised.
She tugged at her beach shorts.
They were covered in drawings, which
wasn't unusual for her, but these symbols I recognized: Greek letters, pictures from camp beads, sketches
of monsters and faces of gods.
I didn't understand how Rachel could have known about some of that.
She'd never been to Olympus or Camp Half-Blood.
"I've been seeing things too," she muttered.
"I mean, not just through the Mist.
This is different.
I've
been drawing pictures, writing lines—"
"In Ancient Greek," I said.
"Do you know what they say?"
"That's what I wanted to talk to you about.
I was hoping . . .
well, if you had gone with us on
vacation, I was hoping you could have helped me figure out what's happening to me.
"
She looked at me pleadingly.
Her face was sunburned from the beach.
Her nose was peeling.
I
couldn't get over the shock that she was here in person.
She'd forced her family to cut short their vacation,
agreed to go to a horrible school, and flown a helicopter into a monster battle just to see me.
In her own
way, she was as brave as Annabeth.
But what was happening to her with these visions really freaked me out.
Maybe it was something that
happened to all mortals who could see through the Mist.
But my mom had never talked about anything
like that.
Annabeth crossed her arms.
"How can you possibly know that?"
"I just saw it.
I can't explain.
"
"Well, let's hope you're wrong," I said.
"Because we're a little short on children of Ares. . . ."
A
horrible thought occurred to me, and I cursed in Ancient Greek.
"What?" Annabeth asked.
"The spy," I told her.
"Kronos said, We know they cannot beat this drakon.
The spy has been keeping
him updated.
Kronos knows the Ares cabin isn't with us.
He intentionally picked a monster we can't kill.
"
Thalia scowled.
"If I ever catch your spy, he's going to be very sorry.
Maybe we could send another
messenger to camp—"
"I've already done it," Chiron said.
"Blackjack is on his way.
Annabeth said in amazement.
"How did Rachel know?"
I didn't have an answer.
But leading the charge was a girl in familiar red armor, her face covered by a
boar's-head helm.
She held aloft a spear that crackled with electricity.
Clarisse herself had come to the
rescue.
"We have to help," Annabeth said.
She was right.
I'd just been standing there frozen in amazement.
Mrs. O'Leary tried to get up but
yelped again.
One of her paws was bleeding.
"Stay back, girl," I told her.
"You've done enough already."
We all gathered around: the Ares campers,
Chris, Clarisse, Annabeth, and me.
The battle still raged along Fifth Avenue, but for that moment nothing
existed except our small circle and the fallen girl.
Her features, once beautiful, were badly burned from poison.
I could tell that no amount of nectar or
ambrosia would save her.
Something is about to happen.
Rachel's words rang in my ears.
A trick that ends in death.
Now I knew what she meant, and I knew who had led the Ares cabin into battle.
I looked down at the dying face of Silena Beauregard.
SEVENTEEN
I SIT ON THE
HOT SEAT
"What were you thinking?"
He lied to me."
I met Annabeth's eyes.
Her face was chalky.
She looked like somebody had just yanked the world out
from under her feet.
Behind us, the battle raged.
Annabeth's voice was brittle.
"She gave her life to help us.
We have to honor
her.
After Mrs. O'Leary shadow-traveled away, I rejoined Annabeth in the lobby.
On the way to the elevator,
we spotted Grover kneeling over a fat wounded satyr.
"Leneus!"
I said.
The old satyr looked terrible.
His lips were blue.
There was a broken spear in his belly, and his furry
goat legs were twisted at a painful angle.
He tried to focus on us, but I don't think he saw us.
"Grover?" he murmured.
"I'm here, Leneus."
Grover was blinking back tears, despite all the horrible things Leneus had said
about him.
"Did . .
.
did we win?"
"Um . . .
yes," Grover lied.
"Thanks to you, Leneus.
We drove the enemy away.
"
"Told you," the old satyr mumbled.
"True leader.
True . . .
"
He closed his eyes for the last time.
Grover gulped.
He put his hand on Leneus's forehead and spoke an ancient blessing.
The old satyr's
body melted, until all that was left was a tiny sapling
m a pile of fresh soil.
As Grover planted the laurel sapling, Annabeth and I went around trying to cheer up the wounded.
I
passed a satyr with a broken leg, a demigod who was bandaged from head to toe, and a body covered in
the golden burial shroud of Apollo's cabin.
I didn't know who was underneath.
I didn't want to find out.
My heart felt like lead, but we tried to find positive things to say.
"You'll be up and fighting Titans in no time!"
I told one camper.
"You look great," Annabeth told another camper.
"Leneus turned into a shrub!"
Grover told a groaning satyr.
I found Dionysus's son Pollux propped up against a tree.
He had a broken arm, but otherwise he was
okay.
"I can still fight with the other hand," he said, gritting his teeth.
"No," I said.
"You've done enough.
I want you to stay here and help with the wounded.
"
"But—"
"Promise me to stay safe," I said.
"Okay?
Personal favor.
"
He frowned uncertainly.
It wasn't like we were good friends or anything, but I wasn't going to tell him

it was a request from his dad.
That would just embarrass him.
Finally he promised, and when he sat back
down, I could tell he was kind of relieved.
Annabeth, Grover, and I kept walking toward the palace.
That's where Kronos would head.
As soon
as he made it up the elevator—and I had no doubt he would, one way or another—he would destroy the
throne room, the center of the gods' power.
The bronze doors creaked open.
Our footsteps echoed on the marble floor.
The constellations
twinkled coldly on the ceiling of the great hall.
The hearth was down to a dull red glow.
Hestia, in the
form of a little girl in brown robes, hunched at its edge, shivering.
The Ophiotaurus swam sadly in his
sphere of water.
He let out a half-hearted moo when he saw me.
In the firelight, the thrones cast evil-looking shadows, like grasping hands.
"Help me up," I told Annabeth and Grover.
"'Are you crazy?"
Annabeth asked.
"Probably," I admitted.
"Well," Annabeth said, "this'll get his attention.
"
They linked their arms to make a step, then boosted me onto the throne.
I felt like a baby with my feet
so high off the ground.
I looked around at the other gloomy, empty thrones, and I could imagine what it
would be like sitting on the Olympian Council—so much power
but so much arguing, always eleven
other gods trying to get their way.
"If you'd sat there any longer," Annabeth said, "you would've spontaneously combusted.
I hope the
conversation was worth it?"
Moo, said the Ophiotaurus in his sphere of water.
"We'll find out soon," I said.
Just then the doors of the throne room swung open.
Thalia marched in.
Her bow was snapped in half
and her quiver was empty.
"You've got to get down there," she told us.
"The enemy is advancing.
And Kronos is leading them."

EIGHTEEN
MY PARENTS GO
COMMANDO

By the time we got to the street, it was too late.
Campers and Hunters lay wounded on the ground.
Clarisse must've lost a fight with a Hyperborean
giant, because she and her chariot were frozen in a block of ice.
The centaurs were nowhere to be seen.
Either they'd panicked and ran or they'd been disintegrated.
The Titan army ringed the building, standing maybe twenty feet from the doors.
Kronos's vanguard
was in the lead: Ethan Nakamura, the dracaena queen in her green armor, and two Hyperboreans.
I didn't
see Prometheus.
The slimy weasel was probably hiding back at their headquarters.
But Kronos himself
stood right in front with his scythe in hand.
The only thing standing in his way was . . .
"Chiron," Annabeth said, her voice trembling.
If Chiron heard us, he didn't answer.
He had an arrow notched, aimed straight at Kronos's face.
As soon as Kronos saw me, his gold eyes flared.
Every muscle in my body froze.
Then the Titan lord
turned his attention back to Chiron.
"Step aside, little son.
"
Hearing Luke call Chiron his son was weird enough, but Kronos put contempt in his voice, like son
was the worst word he could think of.
"I'm afraid not."
Chiron's tone was steely calm, the way he gets when he's really angry.
I tried to move, but my feet felt like concrete.
Annabeth said.
"Look out!"
The dracaena queen became impatient and charged.
Chiron's arrow flew straight between her eyes
and she vaporized on the spot, her empty armor clattering to the asphalt.
Chiron reached for another arrow, but his quiver was empty.
He dropped the bow and drew his sword.
I knew he hated fighting with a sword.
It was never his favorite weapon.
Kronos chuckled.
He advanced a step, and Chiron's horse-half skittered nervously.
His tail flicked
back and forth.
"You're a teacher," Kronos sneered.
"Not a hero.
Annabeth said.
I nodded.
Then I looked at the rubble pile on the side of
the building.
My heart twisted.
I'd forgotten about Chiron.
How could I do that?
"Mrs. O'Leary," I said.
"Please, Chiron's under there.
If anyone can dig him out, you can.
Find him!
Help him!"
I'm not sure how much she understood, but she bounded to the pile and started to dig.
Annabeth,
Thalia, Grover, and I raced for the elevators.
NINETEEN
WE TRASH THE
ETERNAL CITY
The bridge to Olympus was dissolving.
We stepped out of the elevator onto the white marble walkway,
and immediately cracks appeared at our feet.
"Jump!"
But Annabeth was in no shape for jumping.
She stumbled and yelled, "Percy!"
I caught her hand as the pavement fell, crumbling into dust.
For a second I thought she was going to
pull us both over.
Her feet dangled in the open air.
Her hand started to slip until I was holding her only by
her fingers.
Then Grover and Thalia grabbed my legs, and I found extra strength.
Annabeth was not going

to fall.
I pulled her up and we lay trembling on the pavement.
I didn't realize we had our arms around each
other until she suddenly tensed.
"Um, thanks," she muttered.
I tried to say Don't mention it, but it came out as, "Uh duh."
"Keep moving!"
Grover tugged my shoulder.
We untangled ourselves and sprinted across the sky
bridge as more stones disintegrated and fell into oblivion.
We made it to the edge of the mountain just as
the final section collapsed.
Annabeth looked back at the elevator, which was now completely out of reach—a polished set of
metal doors hanging in space, attached to nothing, six hundred stories above Manhattan.
"We're marooned," she said.
"It's Hera," Annabeth said in outrage.
"She's had it in for me all year.
Her statue would've killed me if
you hadn't pushed us away.
"
Thalia grimaced.
"Well, don't just stand there!
I'll be fine.
Go!"
We didn't want to leave her, but I could hear Kronos laughing as he approached the hall of the gods.
More buildings exploded.
"We'll be back," I promised.
"I'm not going anywhere," Thalia groaned.
A fireball erupted on the side of the mountain, right near the gates of the palace.
"We've got to run," I said.
"I don't suppose you mean away," Grover murmured hopefully.
I sprinted toward the palace, Annabeth right behind me.
"I was afraid of that," Grover sighed, and clip-clopped after us.
The doors of the palace were big enough to steer a cruise ship through, but they'd been ripped off their
hinges and smashed like they weighed nothing.
We had to climb over a huge pile of broken stone and
twisted metal to get inside.
Kronos stood in the middle of the throne room, his arms wide, staring at the starry ceiling as if taking
it all in.
His laughter echoed even louder than it had from the pit of Tartarus.
"Finally!"
he bellowed.
"The Olympian Council—so proud and mighty.
Which seat of power shall I
destroy first?"
Ethan Nakamura stood to one side, trying to stay out of the way of his master's scythe.
The hearth
was almost dead, just a few coals glowing deep in the ashes.
Hestia was nowhere to be seen.
Neither was
Rachel.
I hoped she was okay, but I'd seen so much destruction I was afraid to think about it.
The
Ophiotaurus swam in his water sphere in the far corner of the room, wisely not making a sound, but it
wouldn't be long before Kronos noticed him.
Annabeth, Grover, and I stepped forward into the torchlight.
Ethan saw us first.
"My lord," he warned.
Next to me, Annabeth gasped like she'd suddenly had an idea.
"Percy, the blade!"
She unsheathed her
knife.
"The hero's soul, cursed blade shall reap.
"
I didn't understand why she was reminding me of that prophecy line right now.
It wasn't exactly a
morale booster, but before I could say anything, Kronos raised his sword.
"Wait!"
Annabeth yelled.
Kronos came at me like a whirlwind.
My instincts took over.
I dodged and slashed and rolled, but I felt like I was fighting a hundred
swordsmen.
Ethan ducked to one side, trying to get behind me until Annabeth intercepted him.
They
started to fight, but I couldn't focus on how she was doing.
I was vaguely aware of Grover playing his
reed pipes.
The sound filled me with warmth and courage—thoughts of sunlight and a blue sky and a
calm meadow, somewhere far away from the war.
Kronos backed me up against the throne of Hephaestus—a huge mechanical La-Z-Boy type thing
covered with bronze and silver gears.
Kronos slashed, and I managed to jump straight up onto the seat.
The throne whirred and hummed with secret mechanisms.
Defense mode, it warned.
Defense mode.
That couldn't be good.
I jumped straight over Kronos's head as the throne shot tendrils of electricity in
all directions.
One hit Kronos in the face, arcing down his body and up his sword.
"ARG!"
He crumpled to his knees and dropped Backbiter.
Annabeth saw her chance.
She kicked Ethan out of the way and charged Kronos.
He now stood between Annabeth and me.
I couldn't fight him
without turning my back on Kronos.
"And now for the rest of you."

My only thought was to keep him away from Annabeth.
How could Annabeth, battered and half dead with
exhaustion, have the strength to fight a Titan like Kronos?
Kronos pushed against her, trying to dislodge his blade, but she held him in check, her arms trembling
as he forced his sword down toward her neck.
"Your mother," Annabeth grunted.
"She saw your fate.
"
"Service to Kronos!"
the Titan roared.
"This is my fate.
"
"No!"
Annabeth insisted.
Her eyes were tearing up, but I didn't know if it was from sadness or pain.
"You won't," Annabeth said.
"You promised.
You're holding Kronos back even now."
"LIES!"
Kronos pushed again, and this time Annabeth lost her balance.
With his free hand, Kronos
struck her face, and she slid backward.
I summoned all my will.
I managed to rise, but it was like holding the weight of the sky again.
Kronos loomed over Annabeth, his sword raised.
Blood trickled from the corner of her mouth.
Before either of us could get anywhere close to Annabeth, Kronos
staggered.
He stared at the knife in Annabeth's hand, the blood on her face.
"Promise."
Then he gasped like he couldn't get air.
"Annabeth . . ."
But it wasn't the Titan's voice.
I tried to stop him, but he pushed me out of the way with such force I landed
next to Annabeth and cracked my head on the base of Athena's throne.
"The knife, Percy," Annabeth muttered.
Her breath was shallow.
"Hero . . .
cursed blade . . .
"
When my vision came back into focus, I saw Kronos grasping his sword.
Then he bellowed in pain
and dropped it.
His hands were smoking and seared.
The hearth fire had grown red-hot, like the scythe
wasn't compatible with it.
I saw an image of Hestia flickering in the ashes, frowning at Kronos with
disapproval.
Isles of the Blest."
Annabeth sniffled.
"You always pushed yourself too hard.
"
He held up his charred hand.
Annabeth touched his fingertips.
"Did you . . ."
"Did you love me?"
Annabeth wiped her tears away.
"There was a time I thought . . .
well, I thought . . ."
She looked at
me, like she was drinking in the fact that I was still here.
And I realized I was doing the same thing.
The
world was collapsing, and the only thing that really mattered to me was that she was alive.
My choice, to give him the knife, and to believe, as Annabeth had, that he was still capable of
setting things right.
Olympus to preserve or raze.
By sacrificing himself, he had saved Olympus.
Rachel
was right.
In the end, I wasn't really the hero.
I
had seen Annabeth, and I had a feeling he had too.
He had pictured that scene Hestia showed me—of
himself in the good old days with Thalia and Annabeth, when he promised they would be a family.
Hurting Annabeth in battle had shocked him into remembering that promise.
It had allowed his mortal
conscience to take over again, and defeat Kronos.
His weak spot—his Achilles heel—had saved us all.
Next to me, Annabeth's knees buckled.
I caught her, but she cried out in pain, and I realized I'd
grabbed her broken arm.
"Oh gods," I said.
"Annabeth, I'm sorry."
"It's all right," she said as she passed out in my arms.
"She needs help!"
I yelled.
"I've got this."
Apollo stepped forward.
His fiery armor was so bright it was hard to look at, and his
matching Ray-Bans and perfect smile made him look like a male model for battle gear.
"God of medicine,
at your service.
"
He passed his hand over Annabeth's face and spoke an incantation.
Immediately the bruises faded.
Her cuts and scars disappeared.
Her arm straightened, and she sighed in her sleep.
Apollo grinned.
"She'll be fine in a few minutes.
Just enough time for me to compose a poem about
our victory: 'Apollo and his friends save Olympus.'
Good, eh?"
"Thanks, Apollo," I said.
"I'll, um, let you handle the poetry.
"
The next few hours were a blur.
I remembered my promise to my mother.
"
Annabeth squeezed my arm, then walked forward and knelt at her mother's feet.
Athena smiled.
"You, my daughter, have exceeded all expectations.
You have used your wits, your
strength, and your courage to defend this city, and our seat of power.
It has come to our attention that
Olympus is . . .
well, trashed.
The Titan lord did much damage that will have to be repaired.
We could

rebuild it by magic, of course, and make it just as it was.
But the gods feel that the city could be
improved.
We will take this as an opportunity.
And you, my daughter, will design these improvements.
"
Annabeth looked up, stunned.
"My . . .
my lady?"
Athena smiled wryly.
"You are an architect, are you not?
You have studied the techniques of
Daedalus himself.
Who better to redesign Olympus and make it a monument that will last for another
eon?"
"You mean . . .
I can design whatever I want?"
"As your heart desires," the goddess said.
"Make us a city for the ages."
"As long as you have plenty of statues of me," Apollo added.
"And me," Aphrodite agreed.
"Hey, and me!"
Ares said.
"Big statues with huge wicked swords and—"
"All right!"
Athena interrupted.
"She gets the point.
Rise, my daughter, official architect of
Olympus."
Annabeth rose in a trance and walked back toward me.
"Way to go," I told her, grinning.
For once she was at a loss for words.
"I'll . . .
I'll have to start planning . . .
Drafting paper, and, um,
pencils—"
"PERCY JACKSON!"
The gods were glaring at me, but Annabeth had her hands over her mouth.
Her eyes were shining.
And that kind of made up for it.
"I do want a gift, though," I said.
Annabeth was waiting for me at the elevator.
"Why do you smell like smoke?"
"Long story," I said.
Together we made our way down to the street level.
Neither of us said a word.
The music was awful—Neil Diamond or something.
I should've made that part of my gift from the gods:
better elevator tunes.
When we got into the lobby, I found my mother and Paul arguing with the bald security guy, who'd
returned to his post.
"I'm telling you," my mom yelled, "we have to go up!
My son—" Then she saw me and her eyes
widened.
"Percy!"
She hugged the breath right out of me.
"We saw the building lit up blue," she said.
"But then you didn't come down.
You went up hours
ago!"

"She was getting a bit anxious," Paul said drily.
"I'm all right," I promised as my mom hugged Annabeth.
"Everything's okay now."
"Mr. Blofis," Annabeth said, "that was wicked sword work.
"
Paul shrugged.
"It seemed like the thing to do.
But Percy, is this really . . .
I mean, this story about the
six hundredth floor?"
"Olympus," I said.
"Yeah."
Paul looked at the ceiling with a dreamy expression.
"I'd like to see that."
"Paul," my mom chided.
"It's not for mortals.
Anyway, the important thing is we're safe.
All of us.
"
I was about to relax.
Everything felt perfect.
Annabeth and I were okay.
My mom and Paul had
survived.
Olympus was saved.
But the life of a demigod is never so easy.
Just then Nico ran in from the street, and his face told me
something was wrong.
"It's Rachel," he said.
"I just ran into her down on 32nd Street.
"
Annabeth frowned.
"What's she done this time?"
"It's where she's gone," Nico said.
"I told her she would die if she tried, but she insisted.
She just took
Blackjack and—"
"She took my pegasus?"
I demanded.
Nico nodded.
"She's heading to Half-Blood Hill.
She said she had to get to camp.
"

TWENTY-TWO
I AM DUMPED
Nobody steals my pegasus.
Not even Rachel.
I wasn't sure if I was more angry or amazed or worried.
"What was she thinking?"
Annabeth said as we ran for the river.
Unfortunately, I had a pretty good
idea, and it filled me with dread.
The traffic was horrible.
Everybody was out on the streets gawking at the war zone damage.
Police
sirens wailed on every block.
There was no possibility of catching a cab, and the pegasi had flown away.
I
would've settled for some Party Ponies, but they had disappeared along with most of the root beer in
Midtown.
So we ran, pushing through mobs of dazed mortals that clogged the sidewalks.
"She'll never get through the defenses," Annabeth said.
"Peleus will eat her.
"
I hadn't considered that.
The Mist wouldn't fool Rachel like it would most people.
She'd be able to
find the camp no problem, but I'd been hoping the magical boundaries would just keep her out like a force
field.
It hadn't occurred to me that Peleus might attack.
"We've got to hurry."
I glanced at Nico.
"I don't suppose you could conjure up some skeleton horses."
He wheezed as he ran.
"So tired . . .
couldn't summon a dog bone.
"
Finally we scrambled over the embankment to the shore, and I let out a loud whistle.
I hated doing it.
Even with the sand dollar I'd given the East River for a magic cleaning, the water here was pretty
polluted.
I didn't want to make any sea animals sick, but they came to my call.
Three wake lines appeared in the gray water, and a pod of hippocampi broke the surface.
They
whinnied unhappily, shaking the river muck from their manes.
They were beautiful creatures, with
multicolored fish tails, and the heads and forelegs of white stallions.
The hippocampus in front was much
bigger than the others—a ride fit for a Cyclops.
"Rainbow!"
I called.
"How's it going, buddy?"
He neighed a complaint.
"Yeah, I'm sorry," I said.
"But it's an emergency.
We need to get to camp.
"
He snorted.
"Tyson?" I said.
"Tyson is fine!
I'm sorry he's not here.
He's a big general now in the Cyclops army.
"
"NEEEEIGGGGH!"
"Yeah, I'm sure he'll still bring you apples.
Now, about that ride . . .
"
In no time, Annabeth, Nico, and I were zipping up the East River faster than Jet Skis.
We sped under
the Throgs Neck Bridge and headed for Long Island Sound.
It seemed like forever until we saw the beach at camp.
We thanked the hippocampi and waded ashore,
only to find Argus waiting for us.
He stood in the sand with his arms crossed, his hundred eyes glaring at
us.
"Is she here?"
I asked.
He nodded grimly.
"Is everything okay?"
Annabeth said.
Argus shook his head.
We followed him up the trail.
It was surreal being back at camp, because everything looked so
peaceful: no burning buildings, no wounded fighters.
The cabins were bright in the sunshine, and the
fields glittered with dew.
But the place was mostly empty.
Up at the Big House, something was definitely wrong.
Green light was shooting out all the windows,
just like I'd seen in my dream about May Castellan.
Mist—the magical kind—swirled around the yard.
Chiron lay on a horse-size stretcher by the volleyball pit, a bunch of satyrs standing around him.
Blackjack cantered nervously in the grass.
Don't blame me, boss!
he pleaded when he saw me.
The weird girl made me do it!
Rachel Elizabeth Dare stood at the bottom of the porch steps.
Her arms were raised like she was
waiting for someone inside the house to throw her a ball.
"What's she doing?"
Annabeth demanded.
"How did she get past the barriers?"
"She flew," one of the satyrs said, looking accusingly at Blackjack.
"Right past the dragon, right
through the magic boundaries."
"Rachel!"
I called, but the satyrs stopped me when I tried to go any closer.
"Percy, don't," Chiron warned.
He winced as he tried to move.
His left arm was in a sling, his two
back legs were in splints, and his head was wrapped in bandages.
"You can't interrupt.
"
"I thought you explained things to her!"
"I did.
And I invited her here.
"
I stared at him in disbelief.
"You said you'd never let anyone try again!
You said—"
"I know what I said, Percy.
But I was wrong.
Rachel had a vision about the curse of Hades.
She
believes it may be lifted now.
She convinced me she deserves a chance."
"And if the curse isn't lifted?
If Hades hasn't gotten to that yet, she'll go crazy!"
The Mist swirled around Rachel.
She shivered like she was going into shock.
"Hey!"
I shouted.
"Stop!"
I ran toward her, ignoring the satyrs.
I got within ten feet and hit something like an invisible beach
ball.
I bounced back and landed in the grass.
Rachel opened her eyes and turned.
She looked like she was sleepwalking—like she could see me,
but only in a dream.
"It's all right."
Her voice sounded far away.
"This is why I've come.
"
"You'll be destroyed!"
She shook her head.
"This is where I belong, Percy.
I finally understand why.
"
It sounded too much like what May Castellan had said.
I had to stop her, but I couldn't even get to my
feet.
The house rumbled.
The door flew open and green light poured out.
I recognized the warm musty
smell of snakes.
Mist curled into a hundred smoky serpents, slithering up the porch columns, curling around the house.
Then the Oracle appeared in the doorway.
The withered mummy shuffled forward in her rainbow dress.
She looked even worse than usual,
which is saying a lot.
Her hair was falling out in clumps.
Her leathery skin was cracking like the seat of a
worn-out bus.
Her glassy eyes stared blankly into space, but I got the creepiest feeling she was being
drawn straight toward Rachel.
Rachel held out her arms.
She didn't look scared.
"You've waited too long," Rachel said.
"But I'm here now.
"
The sun blazed more brightly.
A man appeared above the porch, floating in the air—a blond dude in a
white toga, with sunglasses and a cocky smile.
"Apollo," I said.
He winked at me but held up his finger to his lips.
"Rachel Elizabeth Dare," he said.
"You have the gift of prophecy.
But it is also a curse.
Are you sure
you want this?"
Rachel nodded.
"It's my destiny."
"Do you accept the risks?"
"I do.
"
"Then proceed," the god said.
Rachel closed her eyes.
"I accept this role.
I pledge myself to Apollo, God of Oracles.
I open my eyes
to the future and embrace the past.
I accept the spirit of Delphi, Voice of the Gods, Speaker of Riddles,
Seer of Fate.
"
I didn't know where she was getting the words, but they flowed out of her as the Mist thickened.
A
green column of smoke, like a huge python, uncoiled from the mummy's mouth and slithered down the
stairs, curling affectionately around Rachel's feet.
The Oracle's mummy crumbled, falling away until it
was nothing but a pile of dust in an old tie-dyed dress.
Mist enveloped Rachel in a column.
For a moment I couldn't see her at all.
Then the smoke cleared.
Rachel collapsed and curled into the fetal position.
Annabeth, Nico, and I rushed forward, but Apollo
said, "Stop!
This is the most delicate part.
"
"What's going on?"
I demanded.
"What do you mean?"
Apollo studied Rachel with concern.
"Either the spirit takes hold, or it doesn't."
"And if it doesn't?" Annabeth asked.
"Five syllables," Apollo said, counting them on his fingers.
"That would be real bad.
"
Despite Apollo's warning, I ran forward and knelt over Rachel.
The smell of the attic was gone.
The
Mist sank into the ground and the green light faded.
But Rachel was still pale.
She was barely breathing.
Then her eyes fluttered open.
She focused on me with difficulty.
"Percy."
"Are you okay?
"
She tried to sit up.
"Ow."
She pressed her hands to her temples.
"Rachel," Nico said, "your life aura almost faded completely.
I could see you dying.
"
"I'm all right," she murmured.
"Please, help me up.
The visions—they're a little disorienting."
"Are you sure you're okay?"
I asked.
Apollo drifted down from the porch.
"Ladies and gentlemen, may I introduce the new Oracle of
Delphi."
"You're kidding," Annabeth said.
Rachel managed a weak smile.
"It's a little surprising to me too, but this is my fate.
I saw it when I
was in New York.
I know why I was born with true sight.
I was meant to become the Oracle.
"
I blinked.
"You mean you can tell the future now?"
"Not all the time," she said.
"But there are visions, images, words in my mind.
When someone asks

me a question, I . . .
Oh no—"
"It's starting," Apollo announced.
Rachel doubled over like someone had punched her.
Then she stood up straight and her eyes glowed
serpent green.
When she spoke, her voice sounded tripled—like three Rachels were talking at once:
"Seven half-bloods shall answer the call.
To storm or fire, the world must fall.
An oath to keep with a final breath,
And foes bear arms to the Doors of Death."
At the last word, Rachel collapsed.
Nico and I caught her and helped her to the porch.
Her skin was
feverish.
"I'm all right," she said, her voice returning to normal.
"What was that?"
I asked.
She shook her head, confused.
"What was what?"
"I believe," Apollo said, "that we just heard the next Great Prophecy."
"What does it mean?"
I demanded.
Rachel frowned.
"I don't even remember what I said.
"
"No," Apollo mused.
"The spirit will only speak through you occasionally.
The rest of the time, our
Rachel will be much as she's always been.
There's no point in grilling her, even if she has just issued the
next big prediction for the future of the world.
"
"What?" I said.
"But—"
"Percy," Apollo said, "I wouldn't worry too much.
The last Great Prophecy about you took almost
seventy years to complete.
This one may not even happen in your lifetime.
"
I thought about the lines Rachel had spoken in that creepy voice: about storm and fire and the Doors
of Death.
"Maybe," I said, "but it didn't sound so good.
"
"No," said Apollo cheerfully.
"It certainly didn't.
She's going to make a wonderful Oracle!"
It was hard to drop the subject, but Apollo insisted that Rachel needed to rest, and she did look pretty
disoriented.
"I'm sorry, Percy," she said.
"Back on Olympus, I didn't explain everything to you, but the calling
frightened me.
I didn't think you'd understand.
"
"I still don't," I admitted.
"But I guess I'm happy for you.
"
Rachel smiled.
"Happy probably isn't the right word.
Seeing the future isn't going to be easy, but it's
my destiny.
I only hope my family . . .
"
She didn't finish her thought.
"Will you still go to Clarion Academy?"
I asked.
"I made a promise to my father.
I guess I'll try to be a normal kid during the school year, but—"
"But right now you need sleep," Apollo scolded.
"Chiron, I don't think the attic is the proper place for
our new Oracle, do you?"
"No, indeed."
Chiron looked a lot better now that Apollo had worked some medical magic on him.
"Rachel may use a guest room in the Big House for now, until we give the matter more thought.
"
"I'm thinking a cave in the hills," Apollo mused.
"With torches and a big purple curtain over the
entrance . . .
really mysterious.
But inside, a totally decked-out pad with a game room and one of those
home theater systems.
"
Chiron cleared his throat loudly.
"What?" Apollo demanded.
Rachel kissed me on the cheek.
"Good-bye, Percy," she whispered.
"And I don't have to see the future
to tell you what to do now, do I?"
Her eyes seemed more piercing than before.
I blushed.
"No."
"Good," she said.
Then she turned and followed Apollo into the Big House.
The rest of the day was as strange as the beginning.
Campers trickled in from New York by car, pegasus,
and chariot.
The wounded were cared for.
The dead were given proper funeral rites at the campfire.
Silena's shroud was hot pink, but embroidered with an electric spear.
The Ares and Aphrodite cabins
both claimed her as a hero, and lit the shroud together.
No one mentioned the word spy.
That secret
burned to ashes as the designer perfume smoke drifted into the sky.
Even Ethan Nakamura was given a shroud—black silk with a logo of swords crossed under a set of
scales.
As his shroud went up in flames, I hoped Ethan knew he had made a difference in the end.
He'd
paid a lot more than an eye, but the minor gods would finally get the respect they deserved.
Dinner at the pavilion was low-key.
The only highlight was Juniper the tree nymph, who screamed,
"Grover!" and gave her boyfriend a flying tackle hug, making everybody cheer.
They went down to the
beach to take a moonlit walk, and I was happy for them, though the scene reminded me of Silena and
Beckendorf, which made me sad.
Mrs. O'Leary romped around happily, eating everybody's table scraps.
Nico sat at the main table with
Chiron and Mr. D, and nobody seemed to think this was out of place.
Everybody was patting Nico on the
back, complimenting him on his fighting.
Even the Ares kids seemed to think he was pretty cool.
Hey,
show up with an army of undead warriors to save the day, and suddenly you're everybody's best friend.
Slowly, the dinner crowd trickled away.
Some went to the campfire for a sing-along.
Others went to
bed.
Annabeth shrugged.
"Oh, I don't care.
"
"Uh-huh."
She raised an eyebrow.
"You got something to say to me, Seaweed Brain?"
"You'd probably kick my butt.
"
"You know I'd kick your butt.
"
I brushed the cake off my hands.
"When I was at the River Styx, turning invulnerable . . .
Nico said I
had to concentrate on one thing that kept me anchored to the world, that made me want to stay mortal."
Annabeth kept her eyes on the horizon.
"Yeah?"
"Then up on Olympus," I said, "when they wanted to make me a god and stuff, I kept thinking—"
"Oh, you so wanted to."
"Well, maybe a little.
But I didn't, because I thought—I didn't want things to stay the same for
eternity, because things could always get better.
And I was thinking . . ."
My throat felt really dry.
"Anyone in particular?"
Annabeth asked, her voice soft.
I looked over and saw that she was trying not to smile.
"You're laughing at me," I complained.
"I am not!"
"You are so not making this easy."
Then she laughed for real, and she put her hands around my neck.
"I am never, ever going to make
things easy for you, Seaweed Brain.
Get used to it.
"

When she kissed me, I had the feeling my brain was melting right through my body.
I could've stayed that way forever, except a voice behind us growled, "Well, it's about time!"
Suddenly the pavilion was filled with torchlight and campers.
Annabeth was laughing, and I couldn't help laughing too, even though my face was completely red.
We held hands right up to the moment they dumped us in the water.
Afterward, I had the last laugh.
I made an air bubble at the bottom of the lake.
Our friends kept
waiting for us to come up, but hey—when you're the son of Poseidon, you don't have to hurry.
And it was pretty much the best underwater kiss of all time.
TWENTY-THREE
WE SAY GOOD-BYE,
SORT OF
Camp went late that summer.
It lasted two more weeks, right up to the start of a new school year, and I
have to admit they were the best two weeks of my life.
Of course, Annabeth would kill me if I said anything different, but there was a lot of other great stuff
going on too.
Grover had taken over the satyr seekers and was sending them out across the world to find
unclaimed half-bloods.
So far, the gods had kept their promise.
New demigods were popping up all over
the place—not just in America, but in a lot of other countries as well.
"We can hardly keep up," Grover admitted one afternoon as we were taking a break at the canoe lake.
"We're going to need a bigger travel budget, and I could use a hundred more satyrs."
"Yeah, but the satyrs you have are working super hard," I said.
"I think they're scared of you.
"
Grover blushed.
"That's silly.
I'm not scary.
"
"You're a lord of the Wild, dude.
The chosen one of Pan.
A member of the Council of—"
"Stop it!"
Grover protested.
"You're as bad as Juniper.
I think she wants me to run for president next.
"
He chewed on a tin can as we stared across the pond at the line of new cabins under construction.
The
U-shape would soon be a complete rectangle, and the demigods had really taken to the new task with
gusto.
Nico had some undead builders working on the Hades cabin.
Even though he was still the only kid in
it, it was going to look pretty cool: solid obsidian walls with a skull over the door and torches that burned
with green fire twenty-four hours a day.
Next to that were the cabins of Iris, Nemesis, Hecate, and several
others I didn't recognize.
They kept adding new ones to the blueprints every day.
It was going so well,
Annabeth and Chiron were talking about adding an entirely new wing of cabins just so they could have
enough room.
The Hermes cabin was a lot less crowded now, because most of the unclaimed kids had received
signs from their godly parents.
It happened almost every night, and every night more demigods straggled
over the property line with the satyr guides, usually with some nasty monsters pursuing them, but almost
all of them made it through.
"It's going to be a lot different next summer," I said.
"Chiron's expecting we'll have twice as many
campers."
"Yeah," Grover agreed, "but it'll be the same old place."
He sighed contentedly.
I watched as Tyson led a group of Cyclops builders.
They were hoisting huge stones in place for the
Hecate cabin, and I knew it was a delicate job.
Each stone was engraved with magical writing, and if they
dropped one, it would either explode or turn everyone within half a mile into a tree.
I figured nobody but
Grover would like that.
"I'll be traveling a lot," Grover warned, "between protecting nature and finding half-bloods.
I may not
see you as much."
"Won't change anything," I said.
"You're still my best friend.
"
He grinned.
"Except for Annabeth."
"That's different.
"
"Yeah," he agreed.
"It sure is.
"
In the late afternoon, I was taking one last walk along the beach when a familiar voice said, "Good day
for fishing."
The next morning, Annabeth and I stood at the top of Half-Blood Hill.
We watched the buses and vans
pull away, taking most of the campers back to the real world.
A few old-timers would be staying behind,
and a few of the newcomers, but I was heading back to Goode High School for my sophomore year—the
first time in my life I'd ever done two years at the same school.
"Good-bye," Rachel said to us as she shouldered her bag.
She looked pretty nervous, but she was
keeping a promise to her father and attending Clarion Academy in New Hampshire.
It would be next
summer before we got our Oracle back.
"You'll do great."
Annabeth hugged her.
Funny, she seemed to get along fine with Rachel these days.
Rachel bit her lip.
"I hope you're right.
I'm a little worried.
What if somebody asks what's on the next
math test
and I start spouting a prophecy in the middle of geometry class?
The Pythagorean theorem shall
be problem two. . . .
Gods, that would be embarrassing."
Annabeth laughed, and to my relief, it made Rachel smile.
"Well," she said, "you two be good to each other."
Go figure, but she looked at me like I was some
kind of troublemaker.
Before I could protest, Rachel wished us well and ran down the hill to catch her
ride.
Annabeth, thank goodness, would be staying in New York.
She'd gotten permission from her parents
to attend a boarding school in the city so she could be close to Olympus and oversee the rebuilding
efforts.
"And close to me?"
I asked.
"Well, someone's got a big sense of his own importance."
But she laced her fingers through mine.
I
remembered what she'd told me in New York, about building something permanent, and I thought—just
maybe—we were off to a good start.
The guard dragon Peleus curled contentedly around the pine tree underneath the Golden Fleece and
began to snore, blowing steam with every breath.
"You've been thinking about Rachel's prophecy?"
I asked Annabeth.
She frowned.
"How did you know?"
"Because I know you.
"
She bumped me with her shoulder.
"Okay, so I have.
Seven half-bloods shall answer the call.
I
wonder who they'll be.
We're going to have so many new faces next summer.
"
"Yep," I agreed.
"And all that stuff about the world falling in storm or fire.
"
She pursed her lips.
"And foes at the Doors of Death.
I don't know, Percy, but I don't like it.
I thought
. . .
well, maybe we'd get some peace for a change.
"
"Wouldn't be Camp Half-Blood if it was peaceful," I said.
"I guess you're right . . .
Or maybe the prophecy won't happen for years.
"
"Could be a problem for another generation of demigods," I agreed.
"Then we can kick back and
enjoy.
"
She nodded, though she still seemed uneasy.
I didn't blame her, but it was hard to feel too upset on a
nice day, with her next to me, knowing that I wasn't really saying good-bye.
We had lots of time.
"Race you to the road?"
I said.
"You are so going to lose."
She took off down Half-Blood Hill
and I sprinted after her.
For once, I didn't look back.
