“Quintus, do you mind if I borrow Percy?”
“Not at all, Master Chiron.”
“No need to call me ‘Master’,” Chiron said, though he sounded sort of
pleased.
“Come, Percy.
We have much to discuss.”
I took one more glance at Mrs. O’Leary, who was now chewing off the
target dummy’s legs.
“Well, see you,” I told Quintus.
As we were walking away, I whispered to Chiron, “Quintus seemed kind
of—”
“Mysterious?”
Chiron suggested.
“Hard to read?”
“Yeah.”
Chiron nodded.
“A very qualified half-blood.
Excellent swordsman, I just
wish I understood…”
Whatever he was going to say, he apparently changed his mind.
“First
things first, Percy.
Annabeth told me you met some empousai.”
“Yeah.”
I told him about the fight at Goode, and how Kelli had exploded
into flames.
“Mm,” Chiron said.
“The more powerful ones can do that.
She did not die,
Percy.
She simply escaped.
It is not good that the she-demons are stirring.”
“What were they doing there?”
I asked.
“Waiting for me?”
“Possibly,” Chiron frowned.
“It is amazing you survived.
Their powers of
deception…almost any male hero would’ve fallen under their spell and been
devoured.”
“I would’ve been,” I admitted.
“Except for Rachel.”
Chiron nodded.
“Ironic to be saved by a mortal, yet we owe her a debt.
What the empousa said about an attack on camp—we must speak of this
further.
But for now, come, we should get to the woods.
Grover will want
you there.”

“Where?”
“At his formal hearing,” Chiron said grimly.
“The Council of Cloven
Elders is meeting now to decide his fate.”
***
Chiron said we needed to hurry, so I let him give me a ride on his back.
As we galloped past the cabins, I glanced at the dining hall—an open-air
Greek pavilion on a hill overlooking the sea.
It was the first time I’d seen the
place since last summer, and it brought back bad memories.
Chiron plunged into the woods.
Nymphs peeked out of the trees to watch
us pass.
Large shapes rustled in the shadows—monsters that were stocked in
here as a challenge to the campers.
I thought I knew the forest pretty well after playing capture the flag here
for two summers, but Chiron took me a way I didn’t recognize, through a
tunnel of old willow trees, past a little waterfall, and into a glade blanketed
with wildflowers.
A bunch of satyrs were sitting in a circle in the grass.
Grover stood in the
middle, facing three really old, really fat satyrs who sat on topiary thrones
shaped out of rose bushes.
I’d never seen the three old satyrs before, but I
guessed they must be the Council of Cloven Elders.
Grover seemed to be telling them a story.
He twisted the bottom of his Tshirt, shifting nervously on his goat hooves.
He hadn’t changed much since
last winter, maybe because satyrs age half as fast as humans.
His acne had
flared up.
His horns had gotten a little bigger so they just stuck out over his
curly hair.
I realized with a start that I was taller than he was now.
