“Clarisse,” Annabeth sighed.
“Why don’t you go polish your spear or
something?”
“Sure, Miss Princess,” the big girl said.
“So I can run you through with it
Friday night.”
“Erre es korakas!”
“We’ll pulverize you,” Clarisse said, but her eye twitched.
Perhaps she
wasn’t sure she could follow through on the threat.
She turned toward me.
“Like…the war god?”
Clarisse sneered.
“You got a problem with that?”
“No,” I said, recovering my wits.
“It explains the bad smell.”
Clarisse growled.
“We got an initiation ceremony for newbies, Prissy.”
“Percy.”
“Whatever.
Come on, I’ll show you.”
“Clarisse—” Annabeth tried to say.
“Stay out of it, wise girl.”
Annabeth looked pained, but she did stay out of it, and I didn’t really
want her help.
I was the new kid.
I had to earn my own rep.
I handed Annabeth my minotaur horn and got ready to fight, but before I
knew it, Clarisse had me by the neck and was dragging me toward a cinderblock building that I knew immediately was the bathroom.
I was kicking and punching.
I’d been in plenty of fights before, but this
big girl Clarisse had hands like iron.
She dragged me into the girls’ bathroom.
There was a line of toilets on one side and a line of shower stalls down the
other.
It smelled just like any public bathroom, and I was thinking—as much
as I could think with Clarisse ripping my hair out—that if this place belonged
to the gods, they should’ve been able to afford classier johns.
Clarisse’s friends were all laughing, and I was trying to find the strength
I’d used to fight the Minotaur, but it just wasn’t there.
“Like he’s ‘Big Three’ material,” Clarisse said as she pushed me toward
one of the toilets.
“Yeah, right.
Minotaur probably fell over laughing, he was
so stupid looking.”
Her friends snickered.
Annabeth stood in the corner, watching through her fingers.
Clarisse bent me over on my knees and started pushing my head toward
the toilet bowl.
It reeked like rusted pipes and, well, like what goes into
toilets.
I strained to keep my head up.
I was looking at the scummy water,
thinking, I will not go into that.
I won’t.
Then something happened.
I felt a tug in the pit of my stomach.
I heard
the plumbing rumble, the pipes shudder.
Clarisse’s grip on my hair loosened.
Water shot out of the toilet, making an arc straight over my head, and the
next thing I knew, I was sprawled on the bathroom tiles with Clarisse
screaming behind me.
I turned just as water blasted out of the toilet again, hitting Clarisse
straight in the face so hard it pushed her down onto her butt.
The water stayed
on her like the spray from a fire hose, pushing her backward into a shower
stall.
She struggled, gasping, and her friends started coming toward her.
But
then the other toilets exploded, too, and six more streams of toilet water
blasted them back.
The showers acted up, too, and together all the fixtures

sprayed the camouflage girls right out of the bathroom, spinning them around
like pieces of garbage being washed away.
As soon as they were out the door, I felt the tug in my gut lessen, and the
water shut off as quickly as it had started.
The entire bathroom was flooded.
Annabeth hadn’t been spared.
She was
dripping wet, but she hadn’t been pushed out the door.
She was standing in
exactly the same place, staring at me in shock.
I looked down and realized I was sitting in the only dry spot in the whole
room.
There was a circle of dry floor around me.
I didn’t have one drop of
water on my clothes.
Nothing.
I stood up, my legs shaky.
Outside, Clarisse and her friends were sprawled
in the mud, and a bunch of other campers had gathered around to gawk.
Clarisse’s hair was flattened across her face.
Her camouflage jacket was
sopping and she smelled like sewage.
She gave me a look of absolute hatred.
“You are dead, new boy.
You are totally dead.”
I probably should have let it go, but I said, “You want to gargle with toilet
water again, Clarisse?
Close your mouth.”
Her friends had to hold her back.
They dragged her toward cabin five,
while the other campers made way to avoid her flailing feet.
Annabeth stared at me.
I couldn’t tell whether she was just grossed out or
angry at me for dousing her.
“What?” I demanded.
“What are you thinking?”
“I’m thinking,” she said, “that I want you on my team for capture the

flag.”

SEVEN

MY DINNER GOES UP IN SMOKE

Word of the bathroom incident spread immediately.
Wherever I went,
campers pointed at me and murmured something about toilet water.
“You’ve been to Olympus?”
“Some of us year-rounders—Luke and Clarisse and I and a few others—
we took a field trip during winter solstice.
That’s when the gods have their
big annual council.”
“But…how did you get there?”
“The Long Island Railroad, of course.
You get off at Penn Station.
Empire State Building, special elevator to the six hundredth floor.”
She
looked at me like she was sure I must know this already.
“You are a New
Yorker, right?”
“Oh, sure.”
As far as I knew, there were only a hundred and two floors in
the Empire State Building, but I decided not to point that out.
“Right after we visited,” Annabeth continued, “the weather got weird, as
if the gods had started fighting.
A couple of times since, I’ve overheard satyrs

talking.
The best I can figure out is that something important was stolen.
And
if it isn’t returned by summer solstice, there’s going to be trouble.
When you
came, I was hoping…I mean—Athena can get along with just about anybody,
except for Ares.
“Clarisse, from Ares, was joking about me being ‘Big
Three’ material.
Clarisse sat behind me at Ares’s table.
She’d apparently gotten over being
hosed down, because she was laughing and belching right alongside her
friends.
Finally, Chiron pounded his hoof against the marble floor of the pavilion,
and everybody fell silent.
He raised a glass.
“To the gods!”
Everybody else raised their glasses.
“To the gods!”
Wood nymphs came forward with platters of food: grapes, apples,
strawberries, cheese, fresh bread, and yes, barbecue!
Every time I got on the mat, Clarisse would
pulverize me.
“There’s more where that came from, punk,” she’d mumble in my ear.
The only thing I really excelled at was canoeing, and that wasn’t the kind
of heroic skill people expected to see from the kid who had beaten the
Minotaur.
I knew the senior campers and counselors were watching me, trying to
decide who my dad was, but they weren’t having an easy time of it.
I wasn’t
as strong as the Ares kids, or as good at archery as the Apollo kids.
I didn’t
have Hephaestus’s skill with metalwork or—gods forbid—Dionysus’s way
with vine plants.
From the opposite side of
the pavilion, Clarisse and her buddies ran in with another banner, of identical
size, but gaudy red, painted with a bloody spear and a boar’s head.
Clarisse screamed.
Her ugly pig eyes glared through the slits of her helmet.
She brandished a
five-foot-long spear, its barbed metal tip flickering with red light.
Her
siblings had only the standard-issue bronze swords—not that that made me
feel any better.
They charged across the stream.
There was no help in sight.
I could run.
Or I could defend myself against half the Ares cabin.
I managed to sidestep the first kid’s swing, but these guys were not as
stupid the Minotaur.
They surrounded me, and Clarisse thrust at me with her
spear.
My shield deflected the point, but I felt a painful tingling all over my
body.
My hair stood on end.
My shield arm went numb, and the air burned.
Electricity.
Her stupid spear was electric.
I fell back.
Another Ares guy slammed me in the chest with the butt of his sword and
I hit the dirt.
They could’ve kicked me into jelly, but they were too busy laughing.
“Give him a haircut,” Clarisse said.
“Grab his hair.”
I managed to get to my feet.
I raised my sword, but Clarisse slammed it
aside with her spear as sparks flew.
Now both my arms felt numb.
“Oh, wow,” Clarisse said.
“I’m scared of this guy.
Really scared.”
“The flag is that way,” I told her.
I wanted to sound angry, but I was

afraid it didn’t come out that way.
“Yeah,” one of her siblings said.
“But see, we don’t care about the flag.
We care about a guy who made our cabin look stupid.”
“You do that without my help,” I told them.
It probably wasn’t the
smartest thing to say.
Two of them came at me.
I backed up toward the creek, tried to raise my
shield, but Clarisse was too fast.
Her spear stuck me straight in the ribs.
If I
hadn’t been wearing an armored breastplate, I would’ve been shish-kebabbed.
As it was, the electric point just about shocked my teeth out of my
mouth.
One of her cabinmates slashed his sword across my arm, leaving a
good-size cut.
Seeing my own blood made me dizzy—warm and cold at the same time.
“No maiming,” I managed to say.
“Oops,” the guy said.
“Guess I lost my dessert privilege.”
He pushed me into the creek and I landed with a splash.
They all laughed.
I figured as soon as they were through being amused, I would die.
But then
something happened.
The water seemed to wake up my senses, as if I’d just
had a bag of my mom’s double-espresso jelly beans.
Clarisse and her cabinmates came into the creek to get me, but I stood to
meet them.
I knew what to do.
I swung the flat of my sword against the first
guy’s head and knocked his helmet clean off.
I hit him so hard I could see his
eyes vibrating as he crumpled into the water.
Ugly Number Two and Ugly Number Three came at me.
I slammed one
in the face with my shield and used my sword to shear off the other guy’s
horsehair plume.
Both of them backed up quick.
Ugly Number Four didn’t
look really anxious to attack, but Clarisse kept coming, the point of her spear
crackling with energy.
As soon as she thrust, I caught the shaft between the

edge of my shield and my sword, and I snapped it like a twig.
“Ah!”
she screamed.
“You idiot!
You corpse-breath worm!”
She probably would’ve said worse, but I smacked her between the eyes
with my sword-butt and sent her stumbling backward out of the creek.
The Ares folks got up, and Clarisse
muttered a dazed curse.
“A trick!”
she shouted.
“It was a trick.”
Clarisse yelled, “It’s all Percy’s fault!
Percy summoned it!”
“Be quiet, child,” Chiron told her.
We watched the body of the hellhound melt into shadow, soaking into the
ground until it disappeared.
“Something scare you off ?”
Ares bared his teeth, but I’d seen his threatening look before on Clarisse.
There was something false about it, almost like he was nervous.
“You’re lucky you met me, punk, and not one of the other Olympians.
They’re not as forgiving of rudeness as I am.
I’ll meet you back here when

you’re done.
Don’t disappoint me.”
After that I must have fainted, or fallen into a trance, because when I
opened my eyes again, Ares was gone.
He
reminded me of every bully I’d ever faced: Nancy Bobofit, Clarisse, Smelly
Gabe, sarcastic teachers—every jerk who’d called me stupid in school or
laughed at me when I’d gotten expelled.
I looked back at the diner, which had only a couple of customers now.
The waitress who’d served us dinner was watching nervously out the
window, like she was afraid Ares might hurt us.
She dragged the fry cook out
from the kitchen to see.
She said something to him.
He nodded, held up a
little disposable camera and snapped a picture of us.
Great, I thought.
We’ll make the papers again tomorrow.
I imagined the headline: TWELVE-YEAR-OLD OUTLAW BEATS UP DEFENSELESS
BIKER.
“You owe me one more thing,” I told Ares, trying to keep my voice level.
“You promised me information about my mother.”
“You sure you can handle the news?”
He kick-started his motorcycle.
“She’s not dead.”
The ground seemed to spin beneath me.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean she was taken away from the Minotaur before she could die.
She
was turned into a shower of gold, right?
That’s metamorphosis.
Not death.
She’s being kept.”
“Kept.
Why?”
“You need to study war, punk.
Hostages.
You take somebody to control
somebody else.”
“Nobody’s controlling me.”
He laughed.
“Oh yeah?
See you around, kid.”
I balled up my fists.
“You’re pretty smug, Lord Ares, for a guy who runs
from Cupid statues.”
Behind his sunglasses, fire glowed.
I felt a hot wind in my hair.
“We’ll
meet again, Percy Jackson.
Next time you’re in a fight, watch your back.”
He revved his Harley, then roared off down Delancy Street.
Clarisse?
She was there at the winter solstice.”
The idea seemed to amuse him.
“Doesn’t matter.
The point is, kid, you’re
impeding the war effort.
See, you’ve got to die in the Underworld.
Then Old
Seaweed will be mad at Hades for killing you.
The only ones not in a party mood were Clarisse and her cabinmates,

whose poisonous looks told me they’d never forgive me for disgracing their
dad.
That was okay with me.
Even Dionysus’s welcome-home speech wasn’t enough to dampen my
spirits.
“Yes, yes, so the little brat didn’t get himself killed and now he’ll
have an even bigger head.
Well, huzzah for that.
In other announcements,
there will be no canoe races this Saturday.…”
I moved back into cabin three, but it didn’t feel so lonely anymore.
I had
my friends to train with during the day.
At night, I lay awake and listened to
the sea, knowing my father was out there.
Maybe he wasn’t quite sure about
me yet, maybe he hadn’t even wanted me born, but he was watching.
And so
far, he was proud of what I’d done.
As for my mother, she had a chance at a new life.
Her letter arrived a
week after I got back to camp.
She told me Gabe had left mysteriously—
disappeared off the face of the planet, in fact.
She’d reported him missing to
the police, but she had a funny feeling they would never find him.
On a completely unrelated subject, she’d sold her first life-size concrete
sculpture, entitled The Poker Player, to a collector, through an art gallery in
Soho.
She’d gotten so much money for it, she’d put a deposit down on a new
apartment and made a payment on her first semester’s tuition at NYU.
The
Soho gallery was clamoring for more of her work, which they called “a huge
step forward in super-ugly neorealism.”
But don’t worry, my mom wrote.
I’m done with sculpture.
I’ve disposed
of that box of tools you left me.
It’s time for me to turn to writing.
At the bottom, she wrote a P.S.: Percy, I’ve found a good private school
here in the city.
I’ve put a deposit down to hold you a spot, in case you want
to enroll for seventh grade.
You could live at home.
But if you want to go

year-round at Half-Blood Hill, I’ll understand.
I folded the note carefully and set it on my bedside table.
Every night
before I went to sleep, I read it again, and I tried to decide how to answer her.
On the Fourth of July, the whole camp gathered at the beach for a fireworks
display by cabin nine.
Being Hephaestus’s kids, they weren’t going to settle
for a few lame red-white-and-blue explosions.
They’d anchored a barge
offshore and loaded it with rockets the size of Patriot missiles.
I
admitted I’d feel bad about leaving her alone, though, with only Clarisse for
company.
…
Annabeth pursed her lips, then said quietly, “I’m going home for the year,
Percy.”
I stared at her.
“You mean, to your dad’s?”
She pointed toward the crest of Half-Blood Hill.
Next to Thalia’s pine
tree, at the very edge of the camp’s magical boundaries, a family stood
silhouetted—two little children, a woman, and a tall man with blond hair.
They seemed to be waiting.
The man was holding a backpack that looked like
the one Annabeth had gotten from Waterland in Denver.
Tyson tried to protest, but I was already running up the hill toward Clarisse, who was yelling at
her patrol, trying to get them into phalanx formation.
It was a good idea.
The few who were listening
lined up shoulder-to-shoulder, locking their shields to form an ox-hide-and-bronze wall, their spears
bristling over the top like porcupine quills.
Unfortunately, Clarisse could only muster six campers.
The other four were still running around
with their helmets on fire.
Annabeth ran toward them, trying to help.
She taunted one of the bulls into
chasing her, then turned invisible, completely confusing the monster.
The other bull charged
Clarisse’s line.
I was halfway up the hill-not close enough to help.
Clarisse hadn’t even seen me yet.
The bull moved deadly fast for something so big.
Its metal hide gleamed in the sun.
It had fistsized rubies for eyes, and horns of polished silver.
When it opened its hinged mouth, a column of
white-hot flame blasted out.
“Hold the line!”
Clarisse ordered her warriors.
Whatever else you could say about Clarisse, she was brave.
She was a big girl with cruel eyes
like her father’s.
She looked like she was born to wear Greek battle armor, but I didn’t see how even
she could stand against that bull’s charge.
Unfortunately, at that moment, the other bull lost interest in finding Annabeth.
It turned, wheeling
around behind Clarisse on her unprotected side.
“Behind you!”
I yelled.
“Look out!”
I shouldn’t have said anything, because all I did was startle her.
Bull Number One crashed into
her shield, and the phalanx broke.
Clarisse went flying backward and landed in a smoldering patch of
grass.
The bull charged past her, but not before blasting the other heroes with its fiery breath.
Their
shields melted right off their arms.
They dropped their weapons and ran as Bull Number Two closed
in on Clarisse for the kill.
I lunged forward and grabbed Clarisse by the straps of her armor.
I dragged her out of the way
just as Bull Number Two freight-trained past.
I gave it a good swipe with Riptide and cut a huge gash
in its flank, but the monster just creaked and groaned and kept on going.
It hadn’t touched me, but I could feel the heat of its metal skin.
Its body temperature could’ve
microwaved a frozen burrito.
“Let me go!”
Clarisse pummeled my hand.
“Percy, curse you!”
I dropped her in a heap next to the pine tree and turned to face the bulls.
We were on the inside
slope of the hill now, the valley of Camp Half-Blood directly below us-the cabins, the training
facilities, the Big House-all of it at risk if these bulls got past us.
Clarisse had taken care of Bad Cow Number Two.
She’d
impaled it through the back leg with a celestial bronze spear.
Now, with its snout half gone and a huge
gash in its side, it was trying to run in slow motion, going in circles like some kind of merry-go-round
animal.
Clarisse pulled off her helmet and marched toward us.
A strand of her stringy brown hair was
smoldering, but she didn’t seem to notice.
“You-ruin-everything!”
she yelled at me.
“I had it under
control!”
I was too stunned to answer.
Annabeth grumbled, “Good to see you too, Clarisse.”
“Argh!”
Clarisse screamed.
Clarisse came back over and wiped the soot off her forehead.
“Jackson, if you can stand, get up.
We need to carry the wounded back to the Big House, let Tantalus know what’s happened.”
“Tantalus?” I asked.
“The activities director,” Clarisse said impatiently.
“Chiron is the activities director.
And where’s Argus?
He’s head of security.
He should be here.”
Clarisse made a sour face.
“Argus got fired.
You two have been gone too long.
Things are
changing.”
“But Chiron … He’s trained kids to fight monsters for over three thousand years.
He can’t just be
gone.
What happened?”
“That happened,” Clarisse snapped.
She pointed to Thalia’s tree.
Every camper knew the story behind the tree.
“Clarisse said you were … you were …”
“Fired.”
Chiron’s eyes glinted with dark humor.
“Ah, well, someone had to take the blame.
Clarisse said.
She looked nervous, but she stood up to speak from the Ares table.
Some of the campers snickered when they saw the YOU MOO, GIRL!
sign on her back.
“What about
patrol duty?
I mean, if we drop everything to ready our chariots-“
“Ah, the hero of the day,” Tantalus exclaimed.
“Brave Clarisse, who single-handedly bested the
bronze bulls!”
Clarisse blinked, then blushed.
“Um, I didn’t-“
“And modest, too.”
Tantalus grinned.
“Not to worry, my dear!
This is a summer camp.
We are
here to enjoy ourselves, yes?”
“But the tree-“
“And now,” Tantalus said, as several of Clarisse’s cabin mates pulled her back into her seat,
“before we proceed to the campfire and sing-along, one slight housekeeping issue.
Percy Jackson and
Annabeth Chase have seen fit, for some reason, to bring this here.”
Tantalus waved a hand toward
Tyson.
Uneasy murmuring spread among the campers.
A lot of sideways looks at me.
I wanted to kill
Tantalus.
“Now, of course,” he said, “Cyclopes have a reputation for being bloodthirsty monsters with a
very small brain capacity.
Under normal circumstances, I would release this beast into the woods and
have you hunt it down with torches and pointed sticks.
But who knows?
Perhaps this Cyclops is not as
horrible as most of its brethren.
Until it proves worthy of destruction, we need a place to keep it!
I’ve
thought about the stables, but that will make the horses nervous.
Hermes’s cabin, possibly?”
Silence at the Hermes table.
Travis and Connor Stoll developed a sudden interest in the
tablecloth.
I couldn’t blame them.
The Hermes cabin was always full to bursting.
There was no way
they could take in a six-foot-three Cyclops.
“Come now,” Tantalus chided.
“The monster may be able to do some menial chores.
Any
suggestions as to where such a beast should be kenneled?”
Suddenly everybody gasped.
Tantalus scooted away from Tyson in surprise.
All I could do was stare in disbelief at the
brilliant green light that was about to change my life-a dazzling holographic image that had appeared
above Tyson’s head.
In the Ares chariot, Clarisse barked an order to her fighter, who quickly threw a screen of
camouflage netting over their basket.
The birds swarmed around it, pecking and clawing at the
fighter’s hands as he tried to hold up the net, but Clarisse just gritted her teeth and kept driving.
Her
skeletal horses seemed immune to the distraction.
The pigeons pecked uselessly at their empty eye
sockets and flew through their rib cages, but the stallions kept right on running.
The spectators weren’t so lucky.
The birds were slashing at any bit of exposed flesh, driving
everyone into a panic.
Now that the birds were closer, it was clear they weren’t normal pigeons.
Their eyes were beady and evil-looking.
Their beaks were made of bronze, and judging from the
yelps of the campers, they must’ve been razor sharp.
“Stymphalian birds!”
Annabeth yelled.
She slowed down and pulled her chariot alongside mine.
“They’ll strip everyone to bones if we don’t drive them away!”
“Tyson,” I said, “we’re turning around!”
“Going the wrong way?”
he asked.
“Always,” I grumbled, but I steered the chariot toward the stands.
Annabeth rode right next to me.
She shouted, “Heroes, to arms!”
But I wasn’t sure anyone could
hear her over the screeching of the birds and the general chaos.
I held my reins in one hand and managed to draw Riptide as a wave of birds dived at my face,
their metal beaks snapping.
I slashed them out of the air and they exploded into dust and feathers, but
there were still millions of them left.
One nailed me in the back end and I almost jumped straight out
of the chariot.
Clarisse has just pulled across the finish line, completely unopposed, and seemed to notice for the
first time how serious the bird problem was.
When she saw us driving away, she yelled, “You’re running?
The fight is here, cowards!”
She
drew her sword and charged for the stands.
I urged our horses into a gallop.
The chariot rumbled through the strawberry fields, across the
volleyball pit, and lurched to a halt in front of the Big House.
Annabeth and I ran inside, tearing down
the hallway to Chiron’s apartment.
His boom box was still on his nightstand.
So were his favorite CDs.
He
walked to “He finish line and awarded the golden laurels for the race to a stunned-looking Clarisse.
Then he turned and smiled at me.
You shall lead this quest … Clarisse!”
The fire flickered a thousand different colors.
The Ares cabin started stomping and cheering,
“CLARISSE! CLARISSE!”
Clarisse stood up, looking stunned.
Then she swallowed, and her chest swelled with pride.
“I
accept the quest!”
“Wait!”
I shouted.
“Grover is my friend.
The dream came to me.”
“Sit down!”
yelled one of the Ares campers.
“You had your chance last summer!”
“Yeah, he just wants to be in the spotlight again!”
another said.
Clarisse glared at me.
“I accept the quest!”
she repeated.
“I, Clarisse, daughter of Ares, will save
the camp!”
The Ares campers cheered even louder.
Annabeth protested, and the other Athena campers joined
in.
Everybody else started taking sides-shouting and arguing and throwing marshmallows.
I thought it
was going to turn into a full-fledged s’more war until Tantalus shouted, “Silence, you brats!”
His tone stunned even me.
“Sit down!”
he ordered.
“And I will tell you a ghost story.”
I didn’t know what he was up to, but we all moved reluctantly back to our seats.
The evil aura
radiating from Tantalus was as strong as any monster I’d ever faced.
“Once upon a time there was a mortal king who was beloved of the Gods!”
Tantalus put his hand
on his chest, and I got the feeling he was talking about himself.
“This king,” he said, “was even allowed to feast on Mount Olympus.
But when he tried to take
some ambrosia and nectar back to earth to figure out the recipe-just one little doggie bag, mind youthe gods punished him.
They banned him from their halls forever!
His own people mocked him!
His
children scolded him!
And, oh yes, campers, he had horrible children.
Children-just-like- you.”
He pointed a crooked finger at several people in the audience, including me.
“Do you know what he did to his ungrateful children?”
Tantalus asked softly.
“Do you know how
he paid back the gods for their cruel punishment?
He invited the Olympians to a feast at his palace,

just to show there were no hard feelings.
No one noticed that his children were missing.
And when he
served the gods dinner, my dear campers, can you guess what was in the stew?”
No one dared answer.
The firelight glowed dark blue, reflecting evilly on Tantalus’s crooked
face.
“Oh, the gods punished him in the afterlife,” Tantalus croaked.
“They did indeed.
But he’d had his
moment of satisfaction, hadn’t he?
His children never again spoke back to him or questioned his
authority.
And do you know what?
Rumor has it that the king’s spirit now dwells at this very camp,
waiting for a chance to take revenge on ungrateful, rebellious children.
And so … are there any more
complaints, before we send Clarisse off on her quest?”
Silence.
Tantalus nodded at Clarisse.
“The Oracle, my dear.
Go on.”
She shifted uncomfortably, like even she didn’t want glory at the price of being Tantalus’s pet.
“Sir-“
“Go!”
he snarled.
She bowed awkwardly and hurried off toward the Big House.
“What about you, Percy Jackson?”
Tantalus asked.
“No comments from our dishwasher?”
I didn’t say anything.
I wasn’t going to give him the satisfaction of punishing me again.
“Good,” Tantalus said.
“And let me remind everyone-
no one leaves this camp without my
permission.
Anyone who tries … well, if they survive the attempt, they will be expelled forever, but
it won’t come to that.
The harpies will be enforcing curfew from now on, and they are always hungry!
Good night, my dear campers.
Sleep well.”
With a wave of Tantalus’s hand, the fire was extinguished, and the campers trailed off toward
their cabins in the dark.
I couldn’t explain things to Tyson.
He knew I was sad.
He knew I wanted to go on a trip and
Tantalus wouldn’t let me.
“You will go anyway?”
he asked.
“I don’t know,” I admitted.
“It would be hard.
Very hard.”
“I will help.”
“No. I-uh, I couldn’t ask you to do that, big guy.
Too dangerous.”
Tyson looked down at the pieces of metal he was assembling in his lap-springs and gears and tiny
wires.
Beckendorf had given him some tools and spare parts, and now Tyson spent every night
tinkering, though I wasn’t sure how his huge hands could handle such delicate little pieces.
“What are you building?”
I asked.
Tyson didn’t answer.
Instead he made a whimpering sound in the back of his throat.
“Annabeth
doesn’t like Cyclopes.
You … don’t want me along?”
“Oh, that’s not it,” I said halfheartedly.
“Annabeth likes you.
Really.”
He had tears in the corners of his eye.
And standing next to the smoking cannon that had almost killed us, wearing full Greek battle
armor, was Clarisse.
“Losers,” she sneered.
“But I suppose I have to rescue you.
Come aboard.”

Percy Jackson 2 - The Sea Monsters
ELEVEN
CLARISSE BLOWS UP
EVERYTHING
“You are in so much trouble,” Clarisse said.
We’d just finished a ship tour we didn’t want, through dark rooms overcrowded with dead
sailors.
We’d seen the coal bunker, the boilers and engine, which huffed and groaned like it would
explode any minute.
We’d seen the pilothouse and the powder magazine and gunnery deck (Clarisse’s
favorite) with two Dahlgren smoothbore cannons on the port and starboard sides and a Brooke nineinch rifled gun fore and aft-all specially refitted to fire celestial bronze cannon balls.
Everywhere we went, dead Confederate sailors stared at us, their ghostly bearded faces
shimmering over their skulls.
“Tantalus expelled you for eternity,” Clarisse told us smugly.
“Mr. D said if any of you show your
face at camp again, he’ll turn you into squirrels and run you over with his SUV.”
“Did they give you this ship?”
I asked.
“‘Course not.
My father did.”
“Ares?”
Clarisse sneered.
“You think your daddy is the only one with sea power?
The spirits on the losing
side of every war owe a tribute to Ares.
That’s their curse for being defeated.
I prayed to my father
for a naval transport and here it is.
These guys will do anything I tell them.
Won’t you, Captain?”
The captain stood behind her looking stiff and angry.
His glowing green eyes fixed me with a
hungry stare.
“If it means an end to this infernal war, ma’am, peace at last, we’ll do anything.
Destroy
anyone.”
Clarisse smiled.
“Destroy anyone.
I like that.”
Tyson gulped.
“
“No!” Clarisse pounded the table.
“This is my quest, smart girl!
Finally I get to be the hero, and
you two will not steal my chance.”
“Where are your cabin mates?”
I asked.
“You were allowed to take two friends with you, weren’t

you?”
“They didn’t … I let them stay behind.
To protect the camp.”
“You mean even the people in your own cabin wouldn’t help you?”
“Shut up, Prissy!
I don’t need them!
Or you!”
“Clarisse,” I said, “Tantalus is using you.
He doesn’t care about the camp.
He’d love to see it
destroyed.
He’s setting you up to fail.”
“No! I don’t care what the Oracle-”
She stopped herself.
“What?” I said.
“What did the Oracle tell you?”
“Nothing.”
Clarisse’s ears turned pink.
“All you need to know is that I’m finishing this quest and
you’re not helping.
On the other hand, I can’t let you go …”
“So we’re prisoners?”
Annabeth asked.
“Guests.
For now.”
Clarisse propped her feet up on the white linen tablecloth and opened another
Dr Pepper.
“Captain, take them below.
Assign them hammocks on the berth deck.
If they don’t mind
their manners, show them how we deal with enemy spies.”
The dream came as soon as I fell asleep.
Grover was sitting at his loom, desperately unraveling his wedding train, when the boulder door
rolled aside and the Cyclops bellowed, “Aha!”
Grover yelped.
“Dear!
I didn’t-you were so quiet!”
“Unraveling!”
Polyphemus roared.
“So that’s the problem!”
“Oh, no.
I-I wasn’t-“
“Come!”
Polyphemus grabbed Grover around the waist and half carried, half dragged him through
the tunnels of the cave.
Grover struggled to keep his high heels on his hooves.
His veil kept tilting on
his head, threatening to come off.
The Cyclops pulled him into a warehouse-size cavern decorated with sheep junk.
There was a
wool-covered La-Z-Boy recliner and a wool-covered television set, crude bookshelves loaded with
sheep collectibles-coffee mugs shaped like sheep faces, plaster figurines of sheep, sheep board
games, and picture books and action figures.
The floor was littered with piles of sheep bones, and
other bones that didn’t look exactly like sheep-the bones of satyrs who’d come to the island looking
for Pan.
Polyphemus set Grover down only long enough to move another huge boulder.
Clarisse was standing right below me, talking to an image that shimmered in the steam from the
boilers-a muscular man in black leather biker clothes, with a military haircut, red-tinted sunglasses,
and a knife strapped to his side.
My fists clenched.
It was my least favorite Olympian: Ares, the god of war.
“I don’t want excuses, little girl!”
he growled.
“Y-yes, father,” Clarisse mumbled.
“You don’t want to see me mad, do you?”
“No, father.”
“No, father,” Ares mimicked.
“You’re pathetic.
I should’ve let one of my sons take this quest.”
“I’ll succeed!”
Clarisse promised, her voice trembling.
“I’ll make you proud.”
“You’d better,” he warned.
“You asked me for this quest, girl.
If you let that slimeball Jackson
kid steal it from you-“
“But the Oracle said-“
“I DON’T CARE WHAT IT SAID!”
Ares bellowed with such force that his image shimmered.
“You will succeed.
And if you don’t …”
He raised his fist.
Even though he was only a figure in the steam, Clarisse flinched.
“Do we understand each other?”
Ares growled.
The alarm bells rang again.
I heard voices coming toward me, officers yelling orders to ready the
cannons.
Clarisse came up the stairs right after me.
I tried not to look at her.
She grabbed a pair of binoculars from a zombie officer and peered toward the horizon.
“At last.
Captain, full steam ahead!”
I looked in the same direction as she was, but I couldn’t see much.
The sky was overcast.
The air
was hazy and humid, like steam from an iron.
If I squinted real hard, I could just make out a couple of
dark fuzzy splotches in the distance.
My nautical senses told me we were somewhere off the coast of northern Florida, so we’d come a
long way overnight, farther than any mortal ship should’ve been able to travel.
The engine groaned as we increased speed.
Tyson muttered nervously, “Too much strain on the pistons.
Not meant for deep water.”
I wasn’t sure how he knew that, but it made me nervous.
After a few more minutes, the dark splotches ahead of us came into focus.
To the north, a huge
mass of rock rose out of the sea-an island with cliffs at least a hundred feet tall.
About half a mile
south of that, the other patch of darkness was a storm brewing.
The sky and sea boiled together in a
roaring mass.
“Hurricane?”
Annabeth asked.
“No,” Clarisse said.
“Charybdis.”
Annabeth paled.
“Are you crazy?”
“Only way into the Sea of Monsters.
Straight between Charybdis and her sister Scylla.” Clarisse
pointed to the top of the cliffs, and I got the feeling something lived up there that I did not want to
meet.
“What do you mean the only way?”
I asked.
“The sea is wide open!
Just sail around them.”
Clarisse rolled her eyes.
“Don’t you know anything?
If I tried to sail around them, they would just
appear in my path again.
If you want to get into the Sea of Monsters, you have to sail through them.”
“What about the Clashing Rocks?”
“I can’t blow apart rocks with my cannons,” Clarisse said.
“Monsters, on the other hand …”
“You are crazy,” Annabeth decided.
“Watch and learn, Wise Girl.”
Clarisse turned to the captain.
“Set course for Charybdis!”
“Aye, m’lady.”
The engine groaned, the iron plating rattled, and the ship began to pick up speed.
“Clarisse,” I said, “Charybdis sucks up the sea.
Isn’t that the story?”
“And spits it back out again, yeah.”
“What about Scylla?”
“She lives in a cave, up on those cliffs.
If we get too close, her snaky heads will come down and
start plucking sailors off the ship.”
“Choose Scylla then,” I said.
“Everybody goes below deck and we chug right past.”
“No!”
Clarisse insisted.
“If Scylla doesn’t get her easy meat, she might pick up the whole ship.
Besides, she’s too high to make a good target.
My cannons can’t shoot straight up.
Charybdis just sits
there at the center of her whirlwind.
We’re going to steam straight toward her, train our guns on her,
and blow her to Tartarus!”
She said it with such relish I almost wanted to believe her.
The engine hummed.
The boilers were heating up so much I could feel the deck getting warm
beneath my feet.
The smokestacks billowed.
The red Ares flag whipped in the wind.
As we got closer to the monsters, the sound of Charybdis got louder and louder-a horrible wet
roar like the galaxy’s biggest toilet being flushed.
Every time Charybdis inhaled, the ship shuddered
and lurched forward.
Every time she exhaled, we rose in the water and were buffeted by ten-foot
waves.
I tried to time the whirlpool.
As near as I could figure, it took Charybdis about three minutes to
suck up and destroy everything within a half-mile radius.
To avoid her, we would have to skirt right
next to Scylla’s cliffs.
And as bad as Scylla might be, those cliffs were looking awfully good to me.
Undead sailors calmly went about their business on the spar deck.
I guess they’d fought a losing
cause before, so this didn’t bother them.
Or maybe they didn’t care about getting destroyed because
they were already deceased.
Neither thought made me feel any better.
Annabeth stood next to me, gripping the rail.
“You still have your thermos full of wind?”
I nodded.
“But it’s too dangerous to use with a whirlpool like that.
More wind might just make
things worse.”
“What about controlling the water?”
she asked.
“You’re Poseidon’s son.
You’ve done it before.”
She was right.
I closed my eyes and tried to calm the sea, but I couldn’t concentrate.
Charybdis
was too loud and powerful.
The waves wouldn’t respond.
“I-I can’t,” I said miserably.
Clarisse screamed above the noise.
The sea churned around us, waves crashing
over the deck.
The iron plating was now so hot it steamed.
“Get us within firing range!
Make ready
starboard cannons!”
Dead Confederates rushed back and forth.
The propeller grinded into reverse, trying to slow the
ship, but we kept sliding toward the center of the vortex.
A zombie sailor burst out of the hold and ran to Clarisse.
His gray uniform was smoking.
His

beard was on fire.
“Boiler room overheating, ma’am!
She’s going to blow!”
“Well, get down there and fix it!”
“Can’t!”
the sailor yelled.
“We’re vaporizing in the heat.”
Clarisse pounded the side of the casemate.
“All I need is a few more minutes!
Just enough to get
in range!”
“We’re going in too fast,” the captain said grimly.
“Prepare yourself for death.”
“No!” Tyson bellowed.
“I can fix it.”
Clarisse looked at him incredulously.
And he knows mechanics.”
“Go!” yelled Clarisse.
“Tyson, no!”
I grabbed his arm.
“It’s too dangerous!”
He patted my hand.
“Only way, brother.”
His expression was determined-confident, even.
I’d
never seen him look like this before.
“I will fix it.
Be right back.”
As I watched him follow the smoldering sailor down the hatch, I had a terrible feeling.
I wanted
to run after him, but the ship lurched again-and then I saw Charybdis.
She appeared only a few hundred yards away, through a swirl of mist and smoke and water.
The
first thing I noticed was the reef-a black crag of coral with a fig tree clinging to the top, an oddly
peaceful thing in the middle of a maelstrom.
All around it, water curved into a funnel, like light
around a black hole.
Then I saw the horrible thing anchored to the reef just below the waterline-an
enormous mouth with slimy lips and mossy teeth the size of rowboats.
And worse, the teeth had
braces, bands of corroded scummy metal with pieces of fish and driftwood and floating garbage stuck
between them.
Charybdis was an orthodontist’s nightmare.
She was nothing but a huge black maw with bad teeth
alignment and a serious overbite, and she’d done nothing for centuries but eat without brushing after
meals.
As I watched, the entire sea around her was sucked into the void-sharks, schools of fish, a
giant squid.
And I realized that in a few seconds, the CSS Birmingham would be next.
“Lady Clarisse,” the captain shouted.
“Starboard and forward guns are in range!”
“Fire!”
Clarisse ordered.
Three rounds were blasted into the monster’s maw.
One blew off the edge of an incisor.
Another
disappeared into her gullet.
The third hit one of Charybdis’s retaining bands and shot back at us,
snapping the Ares flag off its pole.
“Again!”
Clarisse ordered.
The gunners reloaded, but I knew it was hopeless.
We would have to
pound the monster a hundred more times to do any real damage, and we didn’t have that long.
We
were being sucked in too fast.
Then the vibrations in the deck changed.
The hum of the engine got stronger and steadier.
The ship
shuddered and we started pulling away from the mouth.
“Tyson did it!”
Clarisse said.
“We need to stay close!”
“We’ll die!”
I said.
“We have to move away.”
I gripped the rail as the ship fought against the suction.
The broken Ares flag raced past us and
lodged in Charybdis’s braces.
We weren’t making much progress, but at least we were holding our
own.
Tyson had somehow given us just enough juice to keep the ship from being sucked in.
Suddenly, the mouth snapped shut.
The sea died to absolute calm.
Water washed over Charybdis.
Then, just as quickly as it had closed, the mouth exploded open, spitting out a wall of water,
ejecting everything inedible, including our cannonballs, one of which slammed into the side of the

CSS Birmingham with a ding like the bell on a carnival game.
We were thrown backward on a wave that must’ve been forty feet high.
I used all of my
willpower to keep the ship from capsizing, but we were still spinning out of control, hurtling toward
the cliffs on the opposite side of the strait.
Another smoldering sailor burst out of the hold.
He stumbled into Clarisse, almost knocking them
both overboard.
“The engine is about to blow!”
“Where’s Tyson?” I demanded.
“Still down there,” the sailor said.
“Holding it together somehow, though I don’t know for how
much longer.”
The captain said, “We have to abandon ship.”
“No!”
Clarisse yelled.
“We have no choice, m’lady.
The hull is already cracking apart!
She can’t-“
He never finished his sentence.
Quick as lightning, something brown and green shot from the sky,
snatched up the captain, and lifted him away.
All that was left were his leather boots.
“Scylla!”
a sailor yelled, as another column of reptilian flesh shot from the cliffs and snapped him
up.
It happened so fast it was like watching a laser beam rather than a monster.
I couldn’t even make
out the thing’s face, just a flash of teeth and scales.
I uncapped Riptide and tried to swipe at the monster as it carried off another deckhand, but I was
way too slow.
“Everyone get below!”
I yelled.
“We can’t!”
Clarisse drew her own sword.
“Below deck is in flames.”
“Lifeboats!”
“Quick!”
“They’ll never get clear of the cliffs,” Clarisse said.
“We’ll all be eaten.”
“We have to try.
Percy, the thermos.”
“I can’t leave Tyson!”
“We have to get the boats ready!”
Clarisse was tied up, hanging upside
down over a pot of boiling water.
I was half hoping to see Tyson down there, too.
Even if he’d been
in danger, at least I would’ve known he was alive.
But there was no sign of him.
“Hmm,” Polyphemus pondered.
“Eat loudmouth girl now or wait for wedding feast?
What does
my bride think?”
Clarisse demanded.
“Who- Grover?”
Clarisse yelled.
“Oh!”
Grover yelped.
“The poor thing’s brain is boiling from that hot water.
Pull her down,
dear!”
Polyphemus’s eyelids narrowed over his baleful milky eye, as if he were trying to see Clarisse
more clearly.
The Cyclops was an even more horrible sight than he had been in my dreams.
Partly because his
rancid smell was now up close and personal.
Partly because he was dressed in his wedding outfit-a
crude kilt and shoulder-wrap, stitched together from baby-blue tuxedoes, as if the he’d skinned an

entire wedding party.
“What satyr?” asked Polyphemus.
“Satyrs are good eating.
You bring me a satyr?”
“No, you big idiot!” bellowed Clarisse.
“That satyr!
Grover!
The one in the wedding dress!”
I wanted to wring Clarisse’s neck, but it was too late.
All I could do was watch as Polyphemus
turned and ripped off Grover’s wedding veil-revealing his curly hair, his scruffy adolescent beard,
his tiny horns.
Polyphemus breathed heavily, trying to contain his anger.
“I don’t see very well,” he growled.
“Not since many years ago when the other hero stabbed me in eye.
But YOU’RE-NO-LADYCYCLOPS!”
The Cyclops grabbed Grover’s dress and tore it away.
Clarisse made a strangled sound.
“Oh, no!
You can’t be serious.
I’m not-“
Before Annabeth or I could do anything, Polyphemus plucked her off the rope like she was a ripe
apple, and tossed her and Grover deep into the cave.
“Make yourself comfortable!
I come back at
sundown for big event!”
Then the Cyclops whistled, and a mixed flock of goats and sheep-smaller than the man-eatersflooded out of the cave and past their master.
As they went to pasture, Polyphemus patted some on the
back and called them by name-Beltbuster, Tammany, Lockhart, etc.
When the last sheep had waddled out, Polyphemus rolled a boulder in front of the doorway as
easily as I would close a refrigerator door, shutting off the sound of Clarisse and Grover screaming
inside.
“Mangos,” Polyphemus grumbled to himself.
“What are mangos?”
He strolled off down the mountain in his baby-blue groom’s outfit, leaving us alone with a pot of
boiling water and a six-ton boulder.
We tried for what seemed like hours, but it was no good.
The boulder wouldn’t move.
We yelled
into the cracks, tapped on the rock, did everything we could think of to get a signal to Grover, but if
he heard us, we couldn’t tell.
Even if by some miracle we managed to kill Polyphemus, it wouldn’t do us any good.
Grover and
Clarisse would die inside that sealed cave.
The only way to move the rock was to have the Cyclops
do it.
In total frustration, I stabbed Riptide against the boulder.
Sparks flew, but nothing else happened.
A large rock is not the kind of enemy you can fight with a magic sword.
“Which is when he’ll marry Clarisse and have Grover for dinner.
I’m not sure
which is grosser.”
“I could get inside,” she said, “invisibly.”
“What about me?”
“The sheep,” Annabeth mused.
She gave me one of those sly looks that always made me wary.
“How much do you like sheep?”
“Just don’t let go!”
I just hoped Annabeth could stay alive and keep distracting him long enough for me to find Grover
and Clarisse.
I dropped off my ride, patted Widget on the head, and apologized.
I searched the main room, but
there was no sign of Grover or Clarisse.
I pushed through the crowd of sheep and goats toward the
back of the cave.
Even though I’d dreamed about this place, I had a hard time finding my way through the maze.
I
ran down corridors littered with bones, past rooms full of sheepskin rugs and life-size cement sheep
that I recognized as the work of Medusa.
There were collections of sheep T-shirts; large tubs of
lanolin cream; and wooly coats, socks, and hats with ram’s horns.
“It’s no good,” Clarisse said.
“This rope is like iron!”
“Just a few more minutes!”

“Grover,” she cried, exasperated.
“You’ve been working at it for hours!”
And then they saw me.
“Percy?”
Clarisse said.
“You’re supposed to be blown up!”
“Good to see you, too.
Now hold still while I-“
“Perrrrrcy!”
Grover bleated and tackled me with a goat-hug.
“You heard me!
You came!”
“Yeah, buddy,” I said.
“Of course I came.”
“Where’s Annabeth?”
“Outside,” I said.
“But there’s no time to talk.
Clarisse, hold still.”
I uncapped Riptide and sliced off her ropes.
She stood stiffly, rubbing her wrists.
She glared at
me for a moment, then looked at the ground and mumbled, “Thanks.”
“You’re welcome,” I said.
“Now, was anyone else on board your lifeboat?”
Clarisse looked surprised.
“No.
Just me.
Everybody else aboard the Birmingham … well, I didn’t
even know you guys made it out.”
I looked down, trying not to believe that my last hope of seeing Tyson alive had just been crushed.
“Okay.
Come on, then.
We have to help-“
An explosion echoed through the cave, followed by a scream that told me we might be too late.
Clarisse had armed herself with a highly collectible ramshorn spear from the Cyclops’s cave.
Grover had found a sheep’s thigh bone, which he didn’t look too
happy about, but he was gripping it like a club, ready to attack.
“We’ll take him together,” Clarisse growled.
Clarisse ran in from the left and set her spear against the ground just in
time for the Cyclops to step on it.
He wailed in pain, and Clarisse dove out of the way to avoid
getting trampled.
But the Cyclops just plucked out the shaft like a large splinter and kept advancing on

me.
I moved in with Riptide.
The monster made a grab for me.
I rolled aside and stabbed him in the thigh.
I was hoping to see him disintegrate, but this monster was much too big and powerful.
“Get Annabeth!”
I yelled at Grover.
He rushed over, grabbed her invisibility cap, and picked her up while Clarisse and I tried to keep
Polyphemus distracted.
I have to admit, Clarisse was brave.
She charged the Cyclops again and again.
He pounded the
ground, stomped at her, grabbed at her, but she was too quick.
And as soon as she made an attack, I
followed up by stabbing the monster in the toe or the ankle or the hand.
But we couldn’t keep this up forever.
Eventually we would tire or the monster would get in a
lucky shot.
It would only take one hit to kill us.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Grover carrying Annabeth across the rope bridge.
It wouldn’t
have been my first choice, given the man-eating sheep on the other side, but at the moment that looked
better than this side of the chasm, and it gave me an idea.
“Fall back!”
I told Clarisse.
She rolled away as the Cyclops’s fist smashed the olive tree beside her.
We ran for the bridge, Polyphemus right behind us.
He was cut up and hobbling from so many
wounds, but all we’d done was slow him down and make him mad.
“Grind you into sheep chow!”
he promised.
“A thousand curses on Nobody!”
“Faster!”
I told Clarisse.
We tore down the hill.
The bridge was our only chance.
Grover had just made it to the other side
and was setting Annabeth down.
We had to make it across, too, before the giant caught us.
“Grover!”
I yelled.
Clarisse and I dove for solid ground, landing beside Grover.
I made
a wild slash with my sword and cut the remaining ropes.
The bridge fell away into the chasm, and the Cyclops howled … with delight, because he was
standing right next to us.
“Failed!”
he yelled gleefully.
“Nobody failed!”
Clarisse and Grover tried to charge him, but the monster swatted them aside like flies.
My anger swelled.
I couldn’t believe I’d come this far, lost Tyson, suffered through so much, only
to fail-stopped by a big stupid monster in a baby-blue tuxedo kilt.
Nobody was going to swat down
my friends like that!
I mean … nobody, not Nobody.
Ah, you know what I mean.
Strength coursed through my body.
I raised my sword and attacked, forgetting that I was
hopelessly outmatched.
I jabbed the Cyclops in the belly.
When he doubled over I smacked him in the
nose with the hilt of my sword.
I slashed and kicked and bashed until the next thing I knew,
Polyphemus was sprawled on his back, dazed and groaning, and I was standing above him, the tip of
my sword hovering over his eye.
“Uhhhhhhhh,” Polyphemus moaned.
“Percy!”
Grover gasped.
“How did you-“
“Please, noooo!”
the Cyclops moaned, pitifully staring up at me.
His nose was bleeding.
A tear

welled in the corner of his half-blind eye.
“M-m-my sheepies need me.
Only trying to protect my
sheep!”
He began to sob.
I had won.
All I had to do was stab-one quick strike.
“Kill him!”
Clarisse yelled.
“What are you waiting for?”
The Cyclops sounded so heartbroken, just like … like Tyson.
“He’s a Cyclops!”
Grover warned.
“Don’t trust him!”
I knew he was right.
Clarisse shouted.
“Kill him!”
The monster sniffed.
“My beautiful Fleece.
Prize of my collection.
Take it, cruel human.
Take it
and go in peace.”
“I’m going to step back slowly,” I told the monster.
“One false move …”
Polyphemus nodded like he understood.
I stepped back … and as fast as a cobra, Polyphemus smacked me to the edge of the cliff.
“Foolish mortal!”
he bellowed, rising to his feet.
“Take my Fleece?
Ha!
I eat you first.”
He opened his enormous mouth, and I knew that his rotten molars were the last things I would
ever see.
Then something went whoosh over my head and thump!
A rock the size of a basketball sailed into Polyphemus’s throat-a beautiful three-pointer, nothing
but net.
The Cyclops choked, trying to swallow the unexpected pill.
He staggered backward, but there
was no place to stagger.
His heel slipped, the edge of the cliff crumbled, and the great Polyphemus
made chicken wing motions that did nothing to help him fly as he tumbled into the chasm.
I turned.
Halfway down the path to the beach, standing completely unharmed in the midst of a flock of
killer sheep, was an old friend.
“Bad Polyphemus,” Tyson said.
“Not all Cyclopes as nice as we look.”
Tyson gave us the short version:
Rainbow the hippocampus-who’d apparently been following us
ever since the Long Island Sound, waiting for Tyson to play with him-had found Tyson sinking
beneath the wreckage of the CSS Birmingham and pulled him to safety.
He and Tyson had been
searching the Sea of Monsters ever since, trying to find us, until Tyson caught the scent of sheep and
found this island.
I wanted to hug the big oaf, except he was standing in the middle of killer sheep.
“Tyson, thank the
gods.
Annabeth is hurt!”
“You thank the gods she is hurt?”
he asked, puzzled.
“No!”
Clarisse dropped next to her and felt her chest, which made Annabeth gasp.
“Ribs broken,” Clarisse said.
“They’re mending, but definitely broken.”
“How can you tell?”
I asked.
Clarisse glared at me.
“Because I’ve broken a few, runt!
I’ll have to carry her.”
Before I could argue, Clarisse picked up Annabeth like a sack of flour and lugged her down to the
beach.
Grover and I followed.
As soon as we got to the edge of the water, I concentrated on the Queen Anne’s Revenge.
I willed
it to raise anchor and come to me.
After a few anxious minutes, I saw the ship rounding the tip of the
island.
“Incoming!”
Tyson yelled.
He was bounding down the path to join us, the sheep about fifty yards
behind, bleating in frustration as their Cyclops friend ran away without feeding them.
“They probably won’t follow us into the water,” I told the others.
“All we have to do is swim for
the ship.”
“With Annabeth like this?”
Clarisse protested.
“We can do it,” I insisted.
I was starting to feel confident again.
I was back in my home turf-the
sea.
“Once we get to the ship, we’re home free.”
We almost made it, too.
We were just wading past the entrance to the ravine, when we heard a tremendous roar and saw
Polyphemus, scraped up and bruised but still very much alive, his baby-blue wedding outfit in tatters,
splashing toward us with a boulder in each hand.
Percy Jackson 2 - The Sea Monsters
SIXTEEN
I GO DOWN
WITH THE SHIP
“You’d think he’d run out of rocks,” I muttered.
“Swim for it!”
He and Clarisse plunged into the surf.
Annabeth hung on to Clarisse’s neck and tried to paddle
with one hand, the wet Fleece weighing her down.
But the monster’s attention wasn’t on the Fleece.
“You, young Cyclops!”
Polyphemus roared.
“Traitor to your kind!”
Tyson froze.
“Don’t listen to him!”
I pleaded.
“Come on.”
I pulled Tyson’s arm, but I might as well have been pulling a mountain.
He turned and faced the
older Cyclops.
“I am not a traitor.”
“You serve mortals!”
Polyphemus shouted.
“Thieving humans!”
Polyphemus threw his first boulder.
Tyson swatted it aside with his fist.
“Not a traitor,” Tyson said.
“And you are not my kind.”
“Death or victory!”
Polyphemus charged into the surf, but his foot was still wounded.
He
immediately stumbled and fell on his face.
That would’ve been funny, except he started to get up
again, spitting salt water and growling.
“Percy!”
Clarisse yelled.
“Come on!”
They were almost to the ship with the Fleece.
If I could just keep the monster distracted a little
longer …
“Go,” Tyson told me.
“I will hold Big Ugly.”
“No!
He’ll kill you.”
I’d already lost Tyson once.
I wasn’t going to lose him again.
“We’ll fight
him together.”
“Together,” Tyson agreed.
I drew my sword.
Polyphemus advanced carefully, limping worse than ever.
But there was nothing wrong with his
throwing arm.
He chucked his second boulder.
I dove to one side, but I still would’ve been squashed
if Tyson’s fist hadn’t blasted the rock to rubble.
I willed the sea to rise.
A twenty-foot wave surged up, lifting me on its crest.
I rode toward the
Cyclops and kicked him in the eye, leaping over his head as the water blasted him onto the beach.
“Destroy you!”
Polyphemus spluttered.
“Fleece stealer!”
“You stole the Fleece!”
I yelled.
“You’ve been using it to lure satyrs to their deaths!”
“So?
Satyrs good eating!”
“The Fleece should be used to heal!
It belongs to the children of the gods!”
“I am a child of the gods!”
Polyphemus swiped at me, but I sidestepped.
Clarisse was waving frantically at me, telling me
to come on.
Tyson worked his way around Polyphemus, trying to get behind him.
“Young one!”
the older Cyclops called.
“Where are you?
Help me!”
Tyson stopped.
“You weren’t raised right!”
Polyphemus wailed, shaking his olive tree club.
“Poor orphaned
brother!
Help me!”
No one moved.
No sound but the ocean and my own heartbeat.
Then Tyson stepped forward,
raising his hands defensively.
“Don’t fight, Cyclops brother.
Put down the-“
Polyphemus spun toward his voice.
“Tyson!”
I shouted.
The tree struck him with such force it would’ve flattened me into a Percy pizza with extra olives.
Tyson flew backward, plowing a trench in the sand.
Polyphemus charged after him, but I shouted,
“No!” and lunged as far as I could with Riptide.
I’d hoped to sting Polyphemus in the back of the
thigh, but I managed to leap a little bit higher.
“Blaaaaah!” Polyphemus bleated just like his sheep, and swung at me with his tree.
I dove, but still got raked across the back by a dozen jagged branches.
I was bleeding and bruised
and exhausted.
The guinea pig inside me wanted to bolt.
But I swallowed down my fear.
Polyphemus swung the tree again, but this time I was ready.
I grabbed a branch as it passed,
ignoring the pain in my hands as I was jerked skyward, and let the Cyclops lift me into the air.
At the
top of the arc I let go and fell straight against the giant’s face-landing with both feet on his already
damaged eye.
Polyphemus yowled in pain.
Tyson tackled him, pulling him down.
I landed next to them-sword in
hand, within striking distance of the monster’s heart.
But I locked eyes with Tyson, and I knew I
couldn’t do it.
It just wasn’t right.
“Let him go,” I told Tyson.
“Run.”
With one last mighty effort, Tyson pushed the cursing older Cyclops away, and we ran for the
surf.
“I will smash you.’”
Polyphemus yelled, doubling over in pain.
His enormous hands cupped over
his eye.
Tyson and I plunged into the waves.
“Where are you?”
Polyphemus screamed.
He picked up his tree club and threw it into the water.
It
splashed off to our right.
I summoned up a current to carry us, and we started gaining speed.
I was beginning to think we
might make it to the ship, when Clarisse shouted from the deck, “Yeah, Jackson!
In your face,
Cyclops!”
Shut up, I wanted to yell.
“Rarrr!”
Polyphemus picked up a boulder.
He threw it toward the sound of Clarisse’s voice, but
it fell short, narrowly missing Tyson and me.
“Yeah, yeah!”
Clarisse taunted.
“You throw like a wimp!
Teach you to try marrying me, you
idiot!”
“Clarisse!”
I yelled, unable to stand it.
“Shut up!”
Too late.
Polyphemus threw another boulder, and this time I watched helplessly as it sailed over
my head and crashed through the hull of the Queen Anne’s Revenge.
You wouldn’t believe how fast a ship can sink.
The Queen Anne’s Revenge creaked and groaned
and listed forward like it was going down a playground slide.
I cursed, willing the sea to push us faster, but the ship’s masts were already going under.
“Dive!”
I told Tyson.
And as another rock sailed over our heads, we plunged underwater.
My friends were sinking fast, trying to swim, without luck, in the bubbly trail of the ship’s
wreckage.
Not many people realize that when a ship goes down, it acts like a sinkhole, pulling down
everything around it.
Clarisse was a strong swimmer, but even she wasn’t making any progress.
Grover frantically kicked with his hooves.
Annabeth was hanging on to the Fleece, which flashed in
the water like a wave of new pennies.
I swam toward them, knowing that I might not have the strength to pull my friends out.
Worse,
pieces of timber were swirling around them; none of my power with water would help if I got
whacked on the head by a beam.
We need help, I thought.
Yes.
Tyson’s voice, loud and clear in my head.
I looked over at him, startled.
I’d heard Nereids and other water spirits speak to me underwater
before, but it never occurred to me … Tyson was a son of Poseidon.
We could communicate with
each other.
Rainbow, Tyson said.
I nodded, then closed my eyes and concentrated, adding my voice to Tyson’s: RAINBOW!
We
need you!
Immediately, shapes shimmered in the darkness below-three horses with fish tails, galloping
upward faster than dolphins.
Rainbow and his friends glanced in our direction and seemed to read our
thoughts.
They whisked into the wreckage, and a moment later burst upward in a cloud of bubblesGrover, Annabeth, and Clarisse each clinging to the neck of a hippocampus.
Rainbow, the largest, had Clarisse.
He raced over to us and allowed Tyson to grab hold of his
mane.
Clarisse said.
But I knew it wasn’t.
Time traveled differently in monstrous places.
“Thalia’s tree must be almost dead,” Grover wailed.
“We have to get the Fleece back tonight.”
Clarisse slumped down on the pavement.
“How are we supposed to do that?”
Her voice
trembled.
“We’re hundreds of miles away.
No money.
No ride.
This is just like the Oracle said.
It’s
your fault, Jackson!
If you hadn’t interfered-“
“Percy’s fault?!”
Annabeth exploded.
“Clarisse, how can you say that?
You are the biggest-“
“Stop it!”
I said.
Clarisse put her head in hands.
Annabeth stomped her foot in frustration.
The thing was: I’d almost forgotten this quest was supposed to be Clarisse’s.
For a scary moment,
I saw things from her point of view.
How would I feel if a bunch of other heroes had butted in and
made me look bad?
I thought about what I’d overheard in the boiler room of the CSS Birmingham-Ares yelling at
Clarisse, warning her that she’d better not fail.
Ares couldn’t care less about the camp, but if Clarisse
made him look bad …
“Clarisse,” I said, “what did the Oracle tell you exactly?”
She looked up.
I thought she was going to tell me off, but instead she took a deep breath and
recited her prophecy:
“You shall sail the iron ship with warriors of bone,
You shall find what you seek and make it your own,
But despair for your life entombed within stone,
And fail without friends, to fly home alone.”
“Ouch,” Grover mumbled.
“No,” I said.
“No … wait a minute.
I’ve got it.”
I searched my pockets for money, and found nothing but a golden drachma.
“Does anybody have
any cash?”
Annabeth and Grover shook their heads morosely.
Clarisse pulled a wet Confederate dollar from
her pocket and sighed.
“Cash?” Tyson asked hesitantly.
“Like … green paper?”
I looked at him.
“Yeah.”
“Like the kind in duffel bags?”
“Yeah, but we lost those bags days a-g-g-“
I stuttered to a halt as Tyson rummaged in his saddle pack and pulled out the Ziploc bag full of
cash that Hermes had included in our supplies.
“Tyson!”
I said.
“How did you-“
“Thought it was a feed bag for Rainbow,” he said.
“Found it floating in sea, but only paper inside.
Sorry.”
He handed me the cash.
Fives and tens, at least three hundred dollars.
I ran to the curb and grabbed a taxi that was just letting out a family of cruise passengers.
“Clarisse,” I yelled.
“Come on.
You’re going to the airport.
Annabeth, give her the Fleece.”
Clarisse said, “You’d let me-“
“It’s your quest,” I said.
“We only have enough money for one flight.
Besides, I can’t travel by
air.
“Clarisse?”
I nodded.
“You trusted … you gave …”
“Yeah.”
“Agrius!”
The bear giant flinched.
“Y-yes?”
“Get below and prepare my steed.
Bring it to the deck.
I need to fly to the Miami Airport, fast.’”
“But, boss-“
“Do it!”
If he fought me, he’d lose valuable time chasing after Clarisse.
For my part, the best I could
hope for was to distract him, giving my friends a chance to escape.
“Clarisse is on her way back to camp with it right now.”
Chiron nodded, though he still looked uneasy.
“You are all true heroes.
And as soon as we get
Percy fixed up, you must return to Half-Blood Hill.
The centaurs shall carry you.”
“You’re coming, too?”
I asked.
“Oh yes, Percy.
I’ll be relieved to get home.
My brethren here simply do not appreciate Dean
Martin’s music.
Besides, I must have some words with Mr. D. There’s the rest of the summer to plan.
So much training to do.
And I want to see … I’m curious about the Fleece.”
The Sea Monsters
NINETEEN
THE CHARIOT RACE
ENDS WITH A BANG
We arrived in Long Island just after Clarisse, thanks to the centaurs’ travel powers.
I rode on
Chiron’s back, but we didn’t talk much, especially not about Kronos.
I knew it had been difficult for
Chiron to tell me.
I didn’t want to push him with more questions.
I mean, I’ve met plenty of
embarrassing parents, but Kronos, the evil titan lord who wanted to destroy Western Civilization?
Not the kind of dad you invited to school for career day.
When we got to camp, the centaurs were anxious to meet Dionysus.
They’d heard he threw some
really wild parties, but they were disappointed.
The wine god was in no mood to celebrate as the
whole camp gathered at the top of Half-Blood Hill.
The camp had been through a hard two weeks.
The arts and crafts cabin had burned to the ground
from an attack by a Draco Aionius (which as near as I could figure was Latin for “really-big-lizardwith-breath-that-blows-stuff-up”).
The Big House’s rooms were overflowing with wounded.
The
kids in the Apollo cabin, who were the best healers, had been working overtime performing first aid.
Everybody looked weary and battered as we crowded around Thalia’s tree.
The moment Clarisse draped the Golden Fleece over the lowest bough, the moonlight seemed to
brighten, turning from gray to liquid silver.
A cool breeze rustled in the branches and rippled through
the grass, all the way into the valley.
Everything came into sharper focus-the glow of the fireflies
down in the woods, the smell of the strawberry fields, the sound of the waves on the beach.
Gradually, the needles on the pine tree started turning from brown to green.
Everybody cheered.
It was happening slowly, but there could be no doubt-the Fleece’s magic was
seeping into the tree, filling it with new power and expelling the poison.
Chiron ordered a twenty-four/seven guard duty on the hilltop, at least until he could find an
appropriate monster to protect the Fleece.
He said he’d place an ad in Olympus Weekly right away.
In the meantime, Clarisse was carried on her cabin mates’ shoulders down to the amphitheater,
where she was honored with a laurel wreath and a lot of celebrating around the campfire.
Nobody gave Annabeth or me a second look.
It was as if we’d never left.
In a way, I guess that
was the best thank-you anyone could give us, because if they admitted we’d snuck out of camp to do
the quest, they’d have to expel us.
And really, I didn’t want any more attention.
It felt good to be just
one of the campers for once.
Later that night, as we were roasting s’mores and listening to the Stoll brothers tell us a ghost
story about an evil king who was eaten alive by demonic breakfast pastries, Clarisse shoved me from
behind and whispered in my ear, “Just because you were cool one time, Jackson, don’t think you’re
off the hook with Ares.
I’m still waiting for the right opportunity to pulverize you.”
I gave her a grudging smile.
“What?” she demanded.
“Nothing,” I said.
“Just good to be home.”
The next morning, after the party ponies headed back to Florida, Chiron made a surprise
announcement: the chariot races would go ahead as scheduled.
We’d all figured they were history

now that Tantalus was gone, but completing them did feel like the right thing to do, especially now
that Chiron was back and the camp was safe.
We were neck and neck now, Clarisse coming up from behind, making up for lost time.
“See ya, Percy!”
Beckendorf yelled.
“Here’s a little parting gift!”
He threw a leather pouch into our chariot.
It stuck to the floor immediately and began billowing
green smoke.
“Greek fire!”
Annabeth yelled.
I cursed.
I’d heard stories about what Greek fire could do.
I figured we had maybe ten seconds
before it exploded.
“Get rid of it!”
Annabeth shouted, but I couldn’t.
Hephaestus’s chariot was still alongside,
waiting until the last second to make sure their little present blew up.
Beckendorf was keeping me
busy with his sword.
Even my old rival from the Ares
cabin, Clarisse, didn't seem to be around.
The Big House was decorated with strings of red and yellow fireballs that warmed the
porch but didn't seem to catch anything on fire.
Inside, flames crackled in the hearth.
The air
smelled like hot chocolate.
Mr. D, the camp director, and Chiron were playing a quiet game of
cards in the parlor.
Chiron's brown beard was shaggier for the winter.
His curly hair had grown a little
longer.
He wasn't posing as a teacher this year, so I guess he could afford to be casual.
He
wore a fuzzy sweater with a hoofprint design on it, and he had a blanket on his lap that almost
hid his wheelchair completely.
He smiled when he saw us.
"Percy! Thalia!
Ah, and this must be—"
"Nico di Angelo," I said.
"He and his sister are half-bloods.
"
Chiron breathed a sigh of relief.
"You succeeded, then."
"Well…"
His smile melted.
"What's wrong?
When I asked him where Clarisse was
he said, "Went on a quest for Chiron.
Top secret!"
"Is she okay?"
"Haven't heard from her in a month.
She's missing in action.
Like your butt's gonna be if
you don't get outta here!"
I decided to let him go back to sleep.
Finally I got to Cabin Three, the cabin of Poseidon.
It was a low gray building hewn
from sea stone, with shells and coral fossils imprinted in the rock.
Inside, it was just as empty
as always, except for my bunk.
A Minotaur horn hung on the wall next to my pillow.
On our team, we had Beckendorf and two other Hephaestus guys, a few from the Ares
cabin (though it still seemed strange that Clarisse wasn't around), the Stoll brothers and Nico
from Hermes cabin, and a few Aphrodite kids.
It was weird that the Aphrodite cabin wanted
to play.
Usually they sat on the sidelines, chatted, and checked their reflections in the river
and stuff, but when they heard we were fighting the Hunters, they were raring to go.
"I'll show them 'love is worthless,'" Silena Beauregard grumbled as she strapped on her
armor.
"I'll pulverize them!"
That left Thalia and me.
"I'll take the offense," Thalia volunteered.
"You take defense."
"Oh."
I hesitated, because I'd been about to say the exact same thing, only reversed.
"Don't you think with your shield and all, you'd be better defense?"
Thalia already had Aegis on her arm, and even our own teammates were giving her a
wide berth, trying not to cower before the bronze head of Medusa.
"Well, I was thinking it would make better offense," Thalia said.
"Besides, you've had
more practice at defense.
"
I wasn't sure if she was teasing me.
I'd had some pretty bad experiences with defense on
capture the flag.
Even Clarisse from the Ares cabin was there, back
from her secretive scouting mission.
I knew she must've had a difficult quest, because she
didn't even try to pulverize me.
She had a new scar on her chin, and her dirty blond hair had
been cut short and ragged, like someone had attacked it with a pair of safety scissors.
"I got news," she mumbled uneasily.
"Bad news.
"
"I'll fill you in later," Chiron said with forced cheerfulness.
"The important thing is you
have prevailed.
And you saved Annabeth!"
Clarisse's news may give us a clue as to how they will attack, but—"
There was a knock on the door, and Nico di Angelo came huffing into the parlor, his
cheeks bright red from the cold.
He was smiling, but he looked around anxiously.
"Hey!
Where's… where's my sister?"
Dead silence.
I stared at Chiron.
I couldn't believe nobody had told him yet.
And then I
realized why.
They'd been waiting for us to appear, to tell Nico in person.
That was the last thing I wanted to do.
But I owed it to Bianca.
"Hey, Nico."
I got up from my comfortable chair.
"Let's take a walk, okay?
We need to
talk.
"

He took the news in silence, which somehow made it worse.
I kept talking, trying to
explain how it had happened, how Bianca had sacrificed herself to save the quest.
But I felt
like I was only making things worse.
"She wanted you to have this."
I brought out the little god figurine Bianca had found in
the junkyard.
Nico held it in his palm and stared at it.
We were standing at the dining pavilion, just where we'd last spoken before I went on
the quest.
The wind was bitter cold, even with the camp's magical weather protection.
Snow
fell lightly against the marble steps.
I figured outside the camp borders, there must be a
blizzard happening.
"You promised you would protect her," Nico said.
He might as well have stabbed me with a rusty dagger.
It would've hurt less than reminding me of my promise.
"Nico," I said.
"I tried.
But Bianca gave herself up to save the rest of us.
I told her not
to.
But she—"
"You promised!"
He glared at me, his eyes rimmed with red.
He closed his small fist around the god
statue.
"I shouldn't have trusted you."
His voice broke.
"You lied to me.
My nightmares were
right!"
"Wait.
What nightmares?"
He flung the god statue to the ground.
It clattered across the icy marble.
"I hate you!"
"She might be alive," I said desperately.
"I don't know for sure—"
"She's dead."
He closed his eyes.
His whole body trembled with rage.
"I should've
known it earlier.
She's in the Fields of Asphodel, standing before the judges right now, being
evaluated.
I can feel it."
"What do you mean, you can feel it?"
Before he could answer, I heard a new sound behind me.
A hissing, clattering noise I
recognized all too well.
I drew my sword and Nico gasped.
I whirled and found myself facing four skeleton
warriors.
They grinned fleshless grins and advanced with swords drawn.
I wasn't sure how
they'd made it inside the camp, but it didn't matter.
I'd never get help in time.
"You're trying to kill me!"
Nico screamed.
"You brought these… these things?"
"No! I mean, yes, they followed me, but no!
Nico, run.
They can't be destroyed.
"
"I don't trust you!"
The first skeleton charged.
I knocked aside its blade, but the other three kept coming.
I
sliced one in half, but immediately it began to knit back together.
I knocked another's head off
but it just kept fighting.
"Run, Nico!"
I yelled.
"Get help!"
"No!"
He pressed his hands to his ears.
I couldn't fight four at once, not if they wouldn't die.
I slashed, whirled, blocked, jabbed,
but they just kept advancing.
It was only a matter of seconds before the zombies overpowered
me.
"No!"
Nico shouted louder.
"Go away!"
The ground rumbled beneath me.
The skeletons froze.
I rolled out of the way just as a
crack opened at the feet of the four warriors.
The ground ripped apart like a snapping mouth.
Flames erupted from the fissure, and the earth swallowed the skeletons in one loud CRUNCH!
Silence.
In the place where the skeletons had stood, a twenty-foot-long scar wove across the
marble floor of the pavilion.
Otherwise there was no sign of the warriors.
Awestruck, I looked to Nico.
"How did you—"
"Go away!"
he yelled.
"I hate you!
I wish you were dead!"
The ground didn't swallow me up, but Nico ran down the steps, heading toward the
woods.
I started to follow but slipped and fell to the icy steps.
When I got up, I noticed what
I'd slipped on.
I picked up the god statue Bianca had retrieved from the junkyard for Nico.
The only
statue he didn't have, she'd said.
A last gift from his sister.
I stared at it with dread, because now I understood why the face looked familiar.
I'd
seen it before.
It was a statue of Hades, Lord of the Dead.
“What for?”
Clarisse from the Ares cabin was one of my least favorite people.
She was
a mean, ungrateful bully.
Her dad, the war god, wanted to kill me.
She tried
to beat me to a pulp on a regular basis.
Other than that, she was just great.
As if the wild god would speak to…to him.”
Juniper looked like she wanted to charge the old satyr and beat him up,
but Annabeth and Clarisse held her back.
“Wrong fight, girlie,” Clarisse
muttered.
“Wait.”
“There is another option,” Clarisse said darkly.
“No. No.”
Juniper shook her head.
“Grover, I won’t let you.”
His face was ashen.
“I—I’ll have to think about it.
But we don’t even
know where to look.”
“What are you talking about?”
I asked.
In the distance, a conch horn sounded.
Annabeth pursed her lips.
“I’ll fill you in later, Percy.
We’d better get
back to our cabins.
Inspection is starting.”
***
It didn’t seem fair that I’d have to do cabin inspection when I just got to
camp, but that’s the way it worked.
Every afternoon, one of the senior
counselors came around with a papyrus scroll checklist.
Best cabin got first
shower hour, which meant hot water guaranteed.
Worst cabin got kitchen
patrol after dinner.
“The thing Clarisse
mentioned?”
She picked up a stone and skipped it across the lake.
“Something Clarisse
scouted out.
I helped her a little this spring.
But it would be dangerous.
Especially for Grover.”
“Goat boy scares me,” Tyson murmured.
I stared at him.
Tyson had faced down fire-breathing bulls and sea
monsters and cannibal giants.
That’s what Clarisse and I have
been investigating.”
I shifted my weight, trying to think clearly.
“Clarisse lived.”
“Barely!”
Clarisse was watching us
like she knew what we were talking about, but then she fixed her eyes on her
breakfast plate.
“Last year,” Annabeth said, lowering her voice, “Clarisse went on a
mission for Chiron.”
“I remember,” I said.
“It was secret.”
Annabeth nodded.
Despite how serious she was acting, I was happy she
wasn’t mad at me anymore.
And I kind of liked the fact that she’d broken
the rules to come sit next to me.
“It was secret,” Annabeth agreed, “because she found Chris Rodriguez.”
“The guy from the Hermes cabin?”
I remembered him from two years ago.
“That’s why Clarisse went on a
scouting expedition.
Chiron kept things hushed up because he didn’t want
anyone panicking.
He got me involved because…well, the Labyrinth has
always been one of my favorite subjects.
The architecture involved—” Her
expression turned a little dreamy.
“The builder, Daedalus, was a genius.
But
the point is, the Labyrinth has entrances everywhere.
Clarisse was with Lee Fletcher from the
Apollo cabin—melee and ranged combat combined, they would be a tough
combo to beat.
Quintus kept rattling off the names until he said, “Percy
Jackson with Annabeth Chase.”
“Nice.”
I grinned at Annabeth.
“Your armor is crooked” was her only comment, and she redid my straps
for me.
“Grover Underwood,” Quintus said, “with Tyson.”
Grover just about jumped out of his goat fur.
“What?
B-but—”
“No, no,” Tyson whimpered.
“Must be a mistake.
Goat boy—”
“No complaining!”
Quintus ordered.
“Get with your partner.
You have
two minutes to prepare!”
Clarisse demanded.
“We’ve been looking forever.”
“But we were gone only a few minutes,” I said.
Chiron trotted up, followed by Tyson and Grover.
“Percy!”
Tyson said.
“You are okay?”
“We’re fine,” I said.
“We fell in a hole.”
Clarisse was wearing the gold laurels, but she didn’t even brag about
winning them, which wasn’t like her.
“A hole?”
she said suspiciously.
“This explains a lot,” Clarisse said.
Clarisse and
Annabeth sat next to each other and led the briefing.
“And you believe
this young man, Luke, would dare use the Labyrinth as an invasion route?”
“Definitely,” Clarisse said.
“If he could get an army of monsters inside
Camp Half-Blood, just pop up in the middle of the woods without having to
worry about our magical boundaries, we wouldn’t stand a chance.
He could
wipe us out easy.
He must’ve been planning this for months.”
Clarisse glared at me.
“I’ll get the dynamite!”
“It’s not so easy, stupid,” Clarisse growled.
“We tried that at the entrance
we found in Phoenix.
It didn’t go well.”
Annabeth nodded.
“The Labyrinth is magical architecture, Percy.
It would
take huge power to seal even one of its entrances.
In Phoenix, Clarisse
demolished a whole building with a wrecking ball, and the maze entrance
just shifted a few feet.
“But I fear Clarisse is
right.
The magical borders have kept this camp safe for hundreds of years.
“We all know who should lead this,” Clarisse said.
“Annabeth.”
There was a murmur of agreement.
“You’ve done as much as I have, Clarisse,” she said.
“You should go,
too.”
Clarisse shook her head.
“I’m not going back in there.”
Travis Stoll laughed.
“Don’t tell me you’re scared.
Clarisse, chicken?”
Clarisse got to her feet, I thought she was going to pulverize Travis, but
she said in a shaky voice: “You don’t understand anything, punk.
I’m never
going in there again.
Never!”
She stormed out of the arena.
Travis looked around sheepishly.
“I didn’t mean to—”
Chiron raised his hand.
“The poor girl has had a difficult year.
One was Clarisse.
The other was a
teenage Hispanic guy in tattered camouflage pants and a dirty black T-shirt.
His hair was greasy and matted.
He was hugging his shoulders and sobbing.
“It’s okay,” Clarisse was telling him.
“Try a little more nectar.”
“You’re an illusion, Mary!”
Chris backed farther into the corner.
“G-get
away.”
“My name’s not Mary.”
Clarisse’s voice was gentle but really sad.
I never
knew Clarisse could sound that way.
“My name is Clarisse.
Remember.
Please.”
“It’s dark!”
Chris yelled.
“So dark!”
“Come outside,” Clarisse coaxed.
“The sunlight will help you.”
“A…a thousand skulls.
The earth keeps healing him.”
“Chris,” Clarisse pleaded.
It sounded like she was close to tears.
“You
have to get better.
Please.
Mr. D will be back soon.
He’s an expert in
madness.
Just hang on.”
Chris’s eyes were like a cornered rat’s—wild and desperate.
“There’s no
way out, Mary.
No way out.”
Then he caught a glimpse of me and made a strangled, terrified sound.
“The son of Poseidon!
He’s horrible!”
I backed away, hoping Clarisse hadn’t seen me.
I listened for her to come
charging out and yell at me, but instead she just kept talking to Chris in a sad
pleading voice, trying to get him to drink the nectar.
Maybe she thought it
was part of Chris’s hallucination, but…son of Poseidon?
Chris had been
looking at me, and yet why did I get the feeling he hadn’t been talking about
me at all?
And Clarisse’s tenderness—it had never even occurred to me that she
might like someone; but the way she said Chris’s name…She’d known him

before he changed sides.
She’d known him a lot better than I realized.
And
now he was shivering in a dark basement, afraid to come out, and mumbling
about someone named Mary.
No wonder Clarisse didn’t want anything to do
with the Labyrinth.
What had happened to Chris in there?
I heard a creak from above—like the attic door opening—and I ran for the
front door.
I needed to get out of that house.
***
“My dear,” Chiron said.
“You made it.”
I heard a few curses from the Ares cabin, but
Clarisse just rolled her eyes, like she couldn’t believe I’d had the nerve to
survive.
Chiron cantered over and everyone made way for him.
“Well,” he sighed with obvious relief.
“I don’t believe I’ve ever been
happier to see a camper return.
But you must tell me—”
“WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?”
Annabeth interrupted, shoving aside the
other campers.
I thought she was going to punch me, but instead she hugged
me so fiercely she nearly cracked my ribs.
The other campers fell silent.
Annabeth seemed to realize she was making a scene and pushed me away.
“I—we thought you were dead, Seaweed Brain!”
“I’m sorry,” I said.
“I got lost.”
“LOST?”
she yelled.
“Two weeks, Percy?
Where in the world—”
“Annabeth,” Chiron interrupted.
“Perhaps we should discuss this
somewhere more private, shall we?
“Great.”

“Chris Rodriguez, our guest…”
I remembered what I’d seen in the basement, Clarisse trying to talk to him
while he babbled about the Labyrinth.
“Is he dead?”
“Not yet,” Chiron said grimly.
“But he’s much worse.
He’s in the
infirmary now, too weak to move.
I had to order Clarisse back to her regular
schedule, because she was at his bedside constantly.
He doesn’t respond to
anything.
He won’t take food or drink.
None of my medicines help.
He has
simply lost the will to live.”
I shuddered.
Despite all the run-ins I’d had with Clarisse, I felt horrible
for her.
She’d tried so hard to help him.
And now that I’d been in the
Labyrinth, I could understand why it had been so easy for the ghost of Minos
to drive Chris mad.
If I’d been wandering around down there alone, without
my friends to help, I’d never have made it out.
“I’m sorry to say,” Chiron continued, “the other news is less pleasant still.
Quintus has disappeared.”
“Disappeared?
How?”
“Three nights ago he slipped into the Labyrinth.
Juniper watched him go.
It appears you may have been right about him.”
Clarisse was standing at the other end of the arena with her sword and
shield.
“Came here to practice yesterday,” she grumbled.
“Dog tried to chew
me up.”
“She’s an intelligent dog,” I said.
“Funny.”
She walked toward us.
Mrs. O’Leary growled, but I patted her on the head
and calmed her down.
“Stupid hellhound,” Clarisse said.
“Not going to keep me from
practicing.”
“I heard about Chris,” I said.
“I’m sorry.”
Clarisse paced a circle around the arena.
When she came to the nearest
dummy, she attacked viciously, chopping its head off with a single blow and
driving her sword through its guts.
She pulled the sword out and kept
walking.
“Yeah, well.
Sometimes things go wrong.”
Her voice was shaky.
“Heroes
get hurt.
They…they die, and the monsters just keep coming back.”
She picked up a javelin and threw it across the arena.
It nailed a dummy
straight between the eyeholes of its helmet.
She had called Chris a hero, like he had never gone over to the Titan’s
side.
“Do me a favor,” Clarisse told me.
“Yeah, sure.”
“If you find Daedalus, don’t trust him.
Don’t ask him for help.
Just kill
him.”
“Clarisse—”
“Because anybody who can make something like the Labyrinth, Percy?
That person is evil.
Plain evil.”
For a second she reminded me of Eurytion the cowherd, her much older
half brother.
She had the same hard look in her eyes, as if she’d been used
for the past two thousand years and was getting tired of it.
She sheathed her
sword.
“Practice time is over.
From now on, it’s for real.”
***
That night I slept in my own bunk, and for the first time since Calypso’s
Island, dreams found me.
I was in a king’s courtroom—a big white chamber with marble columns
and a wooden throne.
Sitting on it was a plump guy with curly red hair and a
crown of laurels.
At his side stood three girls who looked like his daughters.
They all had his red hair and were dressed in blue robes.
The doors creaked open and a herald announced, “Minos, King of Crete!”
I tensed, but the man on the throne just smiled at his daughters.
“I can’t
wait to see the expression on his face.”
Minos, the royal creep himself, swept into the room.
He was so tall and
serious he made the other king look silly.
Minos’s pointed beard had gone
gray.
He looked thinner than the last time I’d dreamed of him, and his
sandals were splattered with mud, but the same cruel light shined in his eyes.
He bowed stiffly to the man on the throne.
“King Cocalus.
I understand
you have solved my little riddle?”
Cocalus smiled.
“Hardly little, Minos.
Especially when you advertise
across the world that you are willing to pay a thousand gold talents to the
one who can solve it.
Is the offer genuine?”
Minos clapped his hands.
Two buff guards walked in, struggling with a
big wooden crate.
They set it at Cocalus’s feet and opened it.
Stacks of gold
bars glittered.
It had to be worth like a gazillion dollars.
Cocalus whistled appreciatively.
“You must have bankrupted your
kingdom for such a reward, my friend.”
“That is not your concern.”

Cocalus shrugged.
“The riddle was quite simple, really.
One of my
retainers solved it.”
“Father,” one of the girls warned.
She looked like the oldest—a little taller
than her sisters.
Cocalus ignored her.
He took a spiral seashell from the folds of his robe.
A silver string had been threaded through it, so it hung like a huge bead on a
necklace.
Minos stepped forward and took the shell.
“One of your retainers, you say?
How did he thread the string without breaking the shell?”
“He used an ant, if you can believe it.
Tied a silk string to the little
creature and coaxed it through the shell by putting honey at the far end.”
“Ingenious man,” Minos said.
“Oh, indeed.
My daughters’ tutor.
They are quite fond of him.”
Minos’s eyes turned cold.
“I would be careful of that.”
I wanted to warn Cocalus: Don’t trust this guy!
Throw him in the dungeon
with some man-eating lions or something!
But the redheaded king just
chuckled.
“Not to worry, Minos.
My daughters are wise beyond their years.
Now, about my gold—”
“Yes,” Minos said.
“But you see the gold is for the man who solved the
riddle.
And there can be only one such man.
You are harboring Daedalus.”
Cocalus shifted uncomfortably on his throne.
“How is that you know his
name?”
“He is a thief,” Minos said.
“He once worked in my court, Cocalus.
He
turned my own daughter against me.
He helped a usurper make a fool of me
in my own palace.
And then he escaped justice.
I have been pursuing him for
ten years.”
“I knew nothing of this.
But I have offered the man my protection.
He has
been a most useful—”
“I offer you a choice,” Minos said.
“Turn over the fugitive to me, and this
gold is yours.
Or risk making me your enemy.
You do not want Crete as
your enemy.”
Cocalus paled.
I thought it was stupid for him to look so scared in the
middle of his own throne room.
He should’ve summoned his army or
something.
Minos only had two guards.
But Cocalus just sat there sweating
on his throne.
“Father,” his oldest daughter said, “you can’t—”
“Silence, Aelia.”
Cocalus twisted his beard.
He looked again at the
glittering gold.
“This pains me, Minos.
The gods do not love a man who
breaks his oath of hospitality.”
“The gods do not love those who harbor criminals, either.”
Cocalus nodded.
“Very well.
You shall have your man in chains.”
“Father!”
Aelia said again.
Then she caught herself, and changed her
voice to a sweeter tone.
“At—at least let us feast our gust first.
After his long
journey, he should be treated to a hot bath, new clothes, and a decent meal.
I
would be honored to draw the bath myself.”
She smiled prettily at Minos, and the old king grunted.
“I suppose a bath
would not be amiss.”
He looked at Cocalus.
“I will see you at dinner, my
lord.
With the prisoner.”
“This way, Your Majesty,” said Aelia.
She and her sisters led Minos out
of the chamber.
I followed them into a bath chamber decorated with mosaic tiles.
Steam
filled the air.
A running-water faucet poured hot water into the tub.
Aelia
and her sisters filled it with rose petals and something that must’ve been
Ancient Greek Mr. Bubble, because soon the water was covered with
multicolored foam.
The girls turned aside as Minos dropped his roves and
slipped into the bath.
“Ahh.”
He smiled.
“An excellent bath.
Thank you, my dears.
The journey
has been long indeed.”
“You have been chasing your prey ten years, my lord?”
Aelia asked,
batting her eyelashes.
“You must be very determined.”
“I never forget a debt.”
Minos grinned.
“Your father was wise to agree to
my demands.”
“Oh, indeed, my lord!”
Aelia said.
I thought she was laying on the flattery
pretty thick, but the old guy was eating it up.
Aelia’s sisters trickled scented
oil over the king’s head.
“You know, my lord,” Aelia said, “Daedalus thought you would come.
He
thought the riddle might be a trap, but he couldn’t resist solving it.”
Minos frowned.
“Daedalus spoke to you about me?”
“Yes, my lord.”
“He is a bad man, princess.
My own daughter fell under his spell.
Do not
listen to him.”
“He is a genius,” Aelia said.
“And he believes a woman is just as smart as
a man.
He was the first to ever teach us as if we had minds of our own.
Perhaps your daughter felt the same way.”
Minos tried to sit up, but Aelia’s sisters pushed him back into the water.
Aelia came up behind him.
She held three tiny orbs in her palm.
At first I
thought they were bath beads.
But she threw them in the water and the beads
sprouted bronze threads that began wrapping around the king, tying him up

at the ankles, binding his wrists to his sides, circling his neck.
Even though I
hated Minos, it was pretty horrible to watch.
He thrashed and cried out, but
the girls were much stronger.
Soon he was helpless, lying in the bath with
his chin just above the water.
The bronze strands were still wrapping around
him like a cocoon, tightening across his body.
“What do you want?”
Minos demanded.
“Why do you do this?”
Aelia smiled.
“Daedalus has been kind to us, Your Majesty.
And I do not
like you threatening our father.”
“You tell Daedalus,” Minos growled.
“You tell him I will hound him even
after death!
If there is any justice in the Underworld, my soul will haunt him
for eternity!”
“Brave words, Your Majesty,” Aelia said.
“I wish you luck finding your
justice in the Underworld.”
And with that, the bronze threads wrapped around Minos’s face, making
him a bronze mummy.
The door of the bathhouse opened.
Daedalus stepped in, carrying a
traveler’s bag.
He’d trimmed his hair short.
His beard was pure white.
He looked frail
and sad, but he reached down and touched the mummy’s forehead.
The
threads unraveled and sank to the bottom of the tub.
There was nothing
inside them.
It was as if King Minos had just dissolved.
“A painless death,” Daedalus mused.
“More than he deserved.
Thank you,
my princesses.”
Aelia hugged him.
“You cannot stay here, teacher.
When our father finds
out—”
“Yes,” Daedalus said.
“I fear I have brought you trouble.”
“Oh, do not worry for us.
Father will be happy enough taking that old
man’s gold.
And Crete is a very long way away.
But he will blame you for
Minos’s death.
You must flee to somewhere safe.”
“Somewhere safe,” the old man repeated.
“For years I have fled from
kingdom to kingdom, looking for somewhere safe.
I fear Minos told the
truth.
Death will not stop him from hounding me.
There is no place under
the sun that will harbor me, once word of this crime gets out.”
“Then where will you go?”
Aelia said.
“A place I swore never to enter again,” Daedalus said.
“My prison may be
my only sanctuary.”
“I do not understand,” Aelia said.
“It’s best you did not.”
“But what of the Underworld?” one of her sisters asked.
“Terrible
judgment will await you!
Every man must die.”
“Perhaps,” Daedalus said.
Then he brought a scroll from his traveling
bag—the same scroll I’d seen in my last dream, with his nephews notes.
“Or
perhaps not.”
He patted Aelia’s shoulder, then blessed her and her sisters.
He looked
down once more at the coppery threads glinting in the bottom of the bath.
“Find me if you dare, king of the ghosts.”
He turned toward the mosaic wall and touched a tile.
A glowing mark
appeared—a Greek ∆—and the wall slid aside.
The princesses gasped.
“You never told us of secret passages!”
Aelia said.
“You have been busy.”
“The Labyrinth has been busy,” Daedalus corrected.
“Do not try to follow
me, my dears, if you value your sanity.”
***
My dream shifted.
I was underground in a stone chamber.
Clarisse was sitting shoulder to shoulder with a big Hispanic kid who was
telling her a joke.
It was Chris Rodriguez, the half-blood who’d gone insane
in the Labyrinth.
I turned to Dionysus.
“You cured him?”
“Madness is my specialty.
It was quite simple.”
“But…you did something nice.
Why?”
He raised an eyebrow.
“I am nice!
I simply ooze niceness, Perry
Johansson.
Haven’t you noticed?”
“Uh—”
“Perhaps I felt grieved by my son’s death.
Perhaps I thought this Chris
boy deserved a second chance.
At any rate, it seems to have improved
Clarisse’s mood.”
“Why are you telling me this?”
The wine god sighed.
“Oh, Hades if I know.
But remember, boy, that a
kind act can sometimes be as powerful as a sword.
As a mortal, I was never
a great fighter or athlete or poet.
I only made wine.
The people in my village
laughed at me.
They said I would never amount to anything.
Look at me
now.
Sometimes small things can become very large indeed.”
He left me alone to think about that.
And as I watched Clarisse and Chris
singing a stupid campfire song together, holding hands in the darkness,
where they thought nobody could see them, I had to smile.
TWENTY
MY BIRTHDAY PARTY
TAKES A DARK TURN
The rest of the summer seemed strange because it was so normal.
The
daily activities continued: archery, rock climbing, Pegasus riding.
We played
capture the flag (though we all avoided Zeus’s Fist).
We sang at the
campfire and raced chariots and played practical jokes on the other cabins.
I
spent a lot of time with Tyson, playing with Mrs. O’Leary, but she would
still howl at night when she got lonely for her old master.
Annabeth and I
pretty much skirted around each other.
I was glad to be with her, but it also
kind of hurt, and it hurt when I wasn’t with her, too.
They had one of
the strangest friendships ever—a daughter of the war god and a daughter of the love goddess—but ever
since Silena had given Clarisse advice last summer about her first boyfriend, Clarisse had decided she
was Silena's personal bodyguard.
Clarisse was dressed in her bloodred combat armor, her brown hair tucked into a bandana.
She was as
big and beefy as a rugby player, with a permanent scowl on her face, but she spoke gently to Silena.
"Come on, girl," she said.
"Let's get to the Big House.
I'll make you some hot chocolate.
"
Everyone turned and wandered off in twos and threes, heading back to the cabins.
Nobody was
excited to see me now.
Nobody wanted to hear about the blown-up ship.
Clarisse was still in full battle gear.
Her electric spear was strapped to her back.
(Actually, her second
electric spear, since I'd broken the first one.
She called the spear "Maimer."
Behind her back, everybody
else called it "Lamer.")
She had her boar-shaped helmet under one arm and a knife at her belt.
She was in the midst of yelling at Michael Yew, the new head counselor for Apollo, which looked
kind of funny since Clarisse was a foot taller.
Michael had taken over the Apollo cabin after Lee Fletcher
died in battle last summer.
Michael stood four feet six, with another two feet of attitude.
He reminded me
of a ferret, with a pointy nose and scrunched-up features—either because he scowled so much or because
he spent too much time looking down the shaft of an arrow.
"It's our loot!"
he yelled, standing on his tiptoes so he could get in Clarisse's face.
"If you don't like it,
you can kiss my quiver!"
Around the table, people were trying not to laugh—the Stoll brothers, Pollux from the Dionysus
cabin, Katie Gardner from Demeter.
Even Jake Mason, the hastily appointed new counselor from
Hephaestus, managed a faint smile.
Only Silena Beauregard didn't pay any attention.
She sat beside
Clarisse and stared vacantly at the Ping-Pong net.
Her eyes were red and puffy.
A cup of hot chocolate sat
untouched in front of her.
It seemed unfair that she had to be here.
I couldn't believe Clarisse and Michael
standing over her, arguing about something as stupid as loot, when she'd just lost Beckendorf.
"STOP IT!"
I yelled.
"What are you guys doing?"
Clarisse glowered at me.
"Tell Michael not to be a selfish jerk."
"Oh, that's perfect, coming from you," Michael said.
"The only reason I'm here is to support Silena!"
Clarisse shouted.
"Otherwise I'd be back in my
cabin.
"
"What are you talking about?"
I demanded.
Pollux cleared his throat.
"Clarisse has refused to speak to any of us, until her, um, issue is resolved.
She hasn't spoken for three days.
"
"It's been wonderful," Travis Stoll said wistfully.
"What issue?"
I asked.
Clarisse turned to Chiron.
"You're in charge, right?
Does my cabin get what we want or not?"
Chiron shuffled his hooves.
"My dear, as I've already explained, Michael is correct.
Apollo's cabin
has the best claim.
Besides, we have more important matters—"
"Sure," Clarisse snapped.
"Always more important matters than what Ares needs.
We're just supposed

to show up and light when you need us, and not complain!"
"That would be nice," Connor Stoll muttered.
Clarisse gripped her knife.
"Maybe I should ask Mr. D—"
"As you know," Chiron interrupted, his tone slightly angry now, "our director, Dionysus, is busy with
the war.
He can't be bothered with this.
"
"I see," Clarisse said.
"And the senior counselors?
Are any of you going to side with me?"
Nobody was smiling now.
None of them met Clarisse's eyes.
"Fine."
Clarisse turned to Silena.
"I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to get into this when you've just lost . .
.
Anyway, I apologize.
To you.
Nobody else.
"
Silena didn't seem to register her words.
Clarisse threw her knife on the Ping-Pong table.
"All of you can fight this war without Ares.
Until I
get satisfaction, no one in my cabin is lifting a finger to help.
Have fun dying.
"
The counselors were all too stunned to say anything as Clarisse stormed out of the room.
Finally Michael Yew said, "Good riddance.
"
"Are you kidding?"
Katie Gardner protested.
"This is a disaster!"
"She can't be serious," Travis said.
"Can she?"
Chiron sighed.
"Her pride has been wounded.
She'll calm down eventually."
But he didn't sound
convinced.
"Clarisse will come to her senses.
"
I wasn't so sure.
That didn't sound like the Clarisse I knew.
I scanned more reports and we inspected a few more cabins.
Demeter got a four.
Hephaestus got a
three and probably should've gotten lower, but with Beckendorf being gone and all, we cut them some
slack.
Hermes got a two, which was no surprise.
All campers who didn't know their godly parentage were
shoved into the Hermes cabin, and since the gods were kind of forgetful, that cabin was always
overcrowded.
Finally we got to Athena's cabin, which was orderly and clean as usual.
Books were straightened on

the shelves.
The armor was polished.
Battle maps and blueprints decorated the walls.
Silena sat nearby crying, while Clarisse and her boyfriend,
Chris Rodriguez, tried to comfort her.
Finally I got up the nerve to walk over.
"Hey, Silena, I'm really sorry.
"
She sniffled.
Clarisse glared at me, but she always glares at everyone.
Chris would barely look at me.
He'd been one of Luke's men until Clarisse rescued him from the Labyrinth last summer, and I guess he
still felt guilty about it.
I cleared my throat.
"Silena, you know Beckendorf carried your picture.
He looked at it right before
we went into battle.
You meant a lot to him.
You made the last year the best of his life.
"
Silena sobbed.
"Good work, Percy," Clarisse muttered.
"No, it's all right," Silena said.
"Thank . . .
thank you, Percy.
I should go.
"
"You want company?"
Clarisse asked.
Silena shook her head and ran off.
"She's stronger than she looks," Clarisse muttered, almost to herself.
"She'll survive."
"You could help with that," I suggested.
"You could honor Beckendorf's memory by fighting with
us.
"
Clarisse went for her knife, but it wasn't there anymore.
She'd thrown it on the Ping-Pong table in the

Big House.
"Not my problem," she growled.
"My cabin doesn't get honor, I don't fight.
"
I noticed she wasn't speaking in rhymes.
Maybe she hadn't been around when her cabinmates got
cursed, or maybe she had a way of breaking the spell.
With a chill, I wondered if Clarisse could be
Kronos's spy at camp.
Was that why she was keeping her cabin out of the fight?
But as much as I disliked
Clarisse, spying for the Titans didn't seem like her style.
"All right," I told her.
"I didn't want to bring this up, but you owe me one.
You'd be rotting in a
Cyclops's cave in the Sea of Monsters if it wasn't for me.
"
She clenched her jaw.
"Any other favor, Percy.
Not this.
The Ares cabin has been dissed too many
times.
And don't think I don't know what people say about me behind my back.
"
I wanted to say, Well, it's true.
But I bit my tongue.
"So, what—you're just going to let Kronos crush us?"
I asked.
"If you want my help so bad, tell Apollo to give us the chariot.
"
"You're such a big baby.
"
She charged me, but Chris got between us.
"Whoa, guys," he said.
"Clarisse, you know, maybe he's
got a point.
"
She sneered at him.
"Not you too!"
She trudged off with Chris at her heels.
"Hey, wait!
I just meant—Clarisse, wait!"
I watched the last sparks from Beckendorf's fire curl into the afternoon sky.
Then I headed toward the
sword-fighting arena.
I needed a break, and I wanted to see an old friend.
FIVE
I DRIVE MY DOG INTO
A TREE
Mrs. O'Leary saw me before I saw her, which was a pretty good trick considering she's the size of a
garbage truck.
I walked into the arena, and a wall of darkness slammed into me.
"WOOF!"
The next thing I knew I was flat on the ground with a huge paw on my chest and an oversize Brillopad tongue licking my face.
"Ow!"
I said.
"Hey, girl.
Good to see you too.
Ow!"
It took a few minutes for Mrs. O'Leary to calm down and get off me.
By then I was pretty much
drenched in dog drool.
She wanted to play fetch, so I picked up a bronze shield and tossed it across the
arena.
By the way, Mrs. O'Leary is the world's only friendly hellhound.
I kind of inherited her when her
previous owner died.
She lived at camp, but Beckendorf . . .
well, Beckendorf used to take care of her
whenever I was gone.
He had smelted Mrs. O'Leary's favorite bronze chewing bone.
He'd forged her
collar with the little smiley face and a crossbones name tag.
Next to me, Beckendorf had been her best
friend.
Thinking about that made me sad all over again, but I threw the shield a few more times because Mrs.
O'Leary insisted.
Soon she started barking—a sound slightly louder than an artillery gun—like she needed to go for a
walk.
The other campers didn't think it was funny when she went to the bathroom in the arena.
It had
caused more than one unfortunate slip-and-slide accident.
So I opened the gates of the arena, and she
bounded straight toward the woods.
I jogged after her, not too concerned that she was getting ahead.
Nothing in the woods could threaten
Mrs. O'Leary.
Even the dragons and giant scorpions ran away when she came close.
When I finally tracked her down, she wasn't using the facilities.
Clarisse was a stubborn idiot.
End of story.
I did a head count: forty campers in all.
Not many to fight a war, but it was still the largest group of half-bloods I'd ever seen gathered in one
place outside camp.
Everyone looked nervous, and I understood why.
We were probably sending out so
much demigod aura that every monster in the northeastern United States knew we were here.
As I looked at their faces—all these campers I'd known for so many summers—a nagging voice
whispered in my mind: One of them is a spy.
But I couldn't dwell on that.
They were my friends.
I needed them.
Then I remembered Kronos's evil smile.
You can't count on friends.
They will always let you down.
Annabeth came up to me.
She was dressed in black camouflage with her Celestial bronze knife
strapped to her arm and her laptop bag slung over her shoulder—ready for stabbing or surfing the

Internet, whichever came first.
She frowned.
"What is it?"
"What's what?"
I asked.
"You're looking at me funny.
"Clarisse—"
I faltered.
Clarisse wasn't here.
The whole Ares cabin, curse them, was sitting back at camp.
I told Clarisse she could have it.
Whatever, you know?
Not
worth fighting about anymore.
But she said it was too late.
We'd insulted her honor for the last time or
some stupid thing."
"Least you tried," I said.
Michael shrugged.
"Yeah, well, I called her some names when she said she still wouldn't fight.
I
doubt that helped.
Here come the uglies!"
He drew an arrow and launched it toward the enemy.
The arrow made a screaming sound as it flew.
When it landed, it unleashed a blast like a power chord on an electric guitar magnified through the world's
largest speakers.
The nearest cars exploded.
Monsters dropped their weapons and clasped their ears in
pain.
Some ran.
Others disintegrated on the spot.
"That was my last sonic arrow," Michael said.
"A gift from your dad?"
I asked.
"God of music?"
Michael grinned wickedly.
"Loud music can be bad for you.
Unfortunately, it doesn't always kill.
"
Sure enough, most monsters were regrouping, shaking off their confusion.
"We have to fall back," Michael said.
"I've got Kayla and Austin setting traps farther down the
bridge."
"No," I said.
"Bring your campers forward to this position and wait for my signal.
We're going to
drive the enemy back to Brooklyn.
"
Michael laughed.
"How do you plan to do that?
"
I drew my sword.
Believe me, anyone who can make friends with Clarisse has talent.
"
She stared at me like I'd just given her an idea.
"That's it!
We need the Ares cabin.
I can talk to
Clarisse.
I know I can convince her to help us.
"
"Whoa, Silena.
Even if you could get off the island, Clarisse is pretty stubborn.
Once she gets
angry—"
"Please," Silena said.
"I can take a pegasus.
I know I can make it back to camp.
Let me try.
I didn't think Silena stood a chance of convincing Clarisse to fight.
On the other
hand, Silena was so distracted right now that she would just get herself hurt in battle.
Maybe sending her
back to camp would give her something else to focus on.
"All right," I told her.
"I can't think of anybody better to try.
"
Silena threw her arms around me.
Then she pushed back awkwardly, glancing at Annabeth.
"Um,
sorry.
Thank you, Percy!
I won't let you down!"
But if Silena wasn't able to convince
Clarisse, I doubt Blackjack will be able—"
A roar shook the ground.
It sounded very close.
"Rachel," I said, "get inside the building."
"I want to stay.
"
A shadow blotted out the sun.
Across the street, the drakon slithered down the side of a skyscraper.
It
roared, and a thousand windows shattered.
"On second thought," Rachel said in a small voice, "I'll be inside.
"
***
Let me explain: there are dragons, and then there are drakons.
Drakons are several millennia older than dragons, and much larger.
They look like giant serpents.
Most don't have wings.
Most don't breathe fire (though some do).
All are poisonous.
All are immensely
strong, with scales harder than titanium.
Their eyes can paralyze you; not the turn-you~to-stone Medusatype paralysis, but the oh~my~gods-that~big~snake~is~going~to~eat~me type of paralysis, which is just
as bad.
We have drakon-fighting classes at camp, but there is no way to prepare yourself for a two-hundred-

foot-long serpent as thick as a school bus slithering down the side of a building, its yellow eyes like
searchlights and its mouth full of razor-sharp teeth big enough to chew elephants.
It almost made me long for the flying pig.
Meanwhile, the enemy army advanced down Fifth Avenue.
We'd done our best to push cars out of the
way to keep the mortals safe, but that just made it easier for our enemies to approach.
The Party Ponies
swished their tails nervously.
Chiron galloped up and down their ranks, shouting encouragement to stand
tough and think about victory and root beer, but I figured any second they would panic and run.
"I'll take the drakon."
My voice came out as a timid squeak.
Then I yelled louder: "I'LL TAKE THE
DRAKON!
Everyone else, hold the line against the army!"
Annabeth stood next to me.
She had pulled her owl helmet low over her face, but I could tell her eyes
were red.
"Will you help me?"
I asked.
"That's what I do," she said miserably.
"I help my friends.
"
I felt like a complete jerk.
I wanted to pull her aside and explain that I didn't mean for Rachel to be
here, that it wasn't my idea, but we had no time.
"Go invisible," I said.
"Look for weak links in its armor while I keep it busy.
Just be careful.
"
I whistled.
"Mrs. O'Leary, heel!"
"ROOOF!"
My hellhound leaped over a line of centaurs and gave me a kiss that smelled suspiciously
of pepperoni pizza.
I drew my sword and we charged the monster.
The drakon was three stories above us, slithering sideways along the building as it sized up our forces.
Wherever it looked, centaurs froze in fear.
From the north, the enemy army crashed into the Party Ponies, and our lines broke.
The drakon lashed
out, swallowing three Californian centaurs in one gulp before I could even get close.
Mrs. O'Leary launched herself through the air—a deadly black shadow with teeth and claws.
Normally, a pouncing hellhound is a terrifying sight, but next to the drakon, Mrs. O'Leary looked like a
child's night-night doll.
Her claws raked harmlessly off the drakon's scales.
She bit the monster's throat but couldn't make a
dent.
Her weight, however, was enough to knock the drakon off the side of the building.
It flailed
awkwardly and crashed to the sidewalk, hellhound and serpent twisting and thrashing.
The drakon tried to
bite Mrs. O'Leary, but she was too close to the serpent's mouth.
Poison spewed everywhere, melting
centaurs into dust along with quite a few monsters, but Mrs. O'Leary weaved around the serpent's head,
scratching and biting.

"YAAAH!"
I plunged Riptide deep into the monster's left eye.
The spotlight went dark.
The drakon
hissed and reared back to strike, but I rolled aside.
It bit a swimming-pool-size chunk out of the pavement.
It turned toward me with its good eye, and I
focused on its teeth so I wouldn't get paralyzed.
Mrs. O'Leary did her best to cause a distraction.
She
leaped onto the serpent's head and scratched and growled like a really angry black wig.
The rest of the battle wasn't going well.
The centaurs had panicked under the onslaught of giants and
demons.
An occasional orange camp T-shirt appeared in the sea of fighting, but quickly disappeared.
Arrows screamed.
Fire exploded in waves across both armies, but the action was moving across the street
to the entrance of the Empire State Building.
We were losing ground.
Suddenly Annabeth materialized on the drakon's back.
Her invisibility cap rolled off her head as she
drove her bronze knife between a chink in the serpent's scales.
The drakon roared.
It coiled around, knocking Annabeth off its back.
I reached her just as she hit the ground.
I dragged her out of the way as the serpent rolled, crushing a
lamppost right where she'd been.
"Thanks," she said.
"I told you to be careful!"
"Yeah, well, DUCK!"
It was her turn to save me.
She tackled me as the monster's teeth snapped above my head.
Mrs.
O'Leary body-slammed the drakon's face to get its attention, and we rolled out of the way.
Meanwhile our allies had retreated to the doors of the Empire State Building.
The entire enemy army
was surrounding them.
We were out of options.
No more help was coming.
Annabeth and I would have to retreat before we
were cut off from Mount Olympus.
Then I heard a rumbling in the south.
It wasn't a sound you hear much in New York, but I recognized
it immediately: chariot wheels.
A girl's voice yelled, "ARES!"
And a dozen war chariots charged into battle.
Each flew a red banner with the symbol of the wild
boar's head.
Each was pulled by a team of skeletal horses with manes of fire.
A total of thirty fresh
warriors, armor gleaming and eyes full of hate, lowered their lances as one—making a bristling wall of
death.
"The children of Ares!"
While half her chariots charged the monster army, Clarisse led the other six straight for the

drakon.
The serpent reared back and managed to throw off Mrs. O'Leary.
My poor pet hit the side of the
building with a yelp.
I ran to help her, but the serpent had already zeroed in on the new threat.
Even with
only one eye, its glare was enough to paralyze two chariot drivers.
They veered into a line of cars.
The
other four chariots kept charging.
The monster bared its fangs to strike and got a mouthful of Celestial
bronze javelins.
"EEESSSSS!!!!!"
it screamed, which is probably drakon for OWWWW!
"Ares, to me!"
Clarisse screamed.
Her voice sounded shriller than usual, but I guess that wasn't
surprising given what she was fighting.
Across the street, the arrival of six chariots gave the Party Ponies new hope.
They rallied at the doors
of the Empire State Building, and the enemy army was momentarily thrown into confusion.
Meanwhile, Clarisse's chariots circled the drakon.
Lances broke against the monster's skin.
Skeletal
horses breathed fire and whinnied.
Two more chariots overturned, but the warriors simply leaped to their
feet, drew their swords, and went to work.
They hacked at chinks in the creature's scales.
They dodged
poison spray like they'd been training for this all their lives, which of course they had.
No one could say the Ares campers weren't brave.
Clarisse was right there in front, stabbing her spear
at the drakon's face, trying to put out its other eye.
But as I watched, things started to go wrong.
The
drakon snapped up one Ares camper in a gulp.
It knocked aside another and sprayed poison on a third,
who retreated in a panic, his armor melting.
Annabeth and I jumped onto the monster's back and ran toward its head, trying to draw its attention
away from Clarisse.
Her cabinmates threw javelins, most of which broke, but some lodged in the monster's teeth.
It
snapped its jaws together until its mouth was a mess of green blood, yellow foamy poison, and splintered
weapons.
"You can do it!"
I screamed at Clarisse.
"A child of Ares is destined to kill it!"
Through her war helmet, I could only see her eyes—but I could tell something was wrong.
Her blue
eyes shone with fear.
Clarisse never looked like that.
And she didn't have blue eyes.
"ARES!"
she shouted, in that strangely shrill voice.
She leveled her spear and charged the drakon.
"No," I muttered.
"WAIT!"
But the monster looked down at her—almost in contempt—and spit poison directly in her face.
She screamed and fell.
"Clarisse!"
Annabeth jumped off the monster's back and ran to help, while the other Ares campers
tried to defend their fallen counselor.
I drove Riptide between two of the creature's scales and managed to
turn its attention on me.
I got thrown but I landed on my feet.
"C'MON, you stupid worm!
Look at me!"
For the next several minutes, all I saw were teeth.
I retreated and dodged poison, but I couldn't hurt
the thing.
At the edge of my vision, I saw a flying chariot land on Fifth Avenue.
Then someone ran toward us.
A girl's voice, shaken with grief, cried, "NO!
Curse you, WHY?"
I dared to glance over, but what I saw made no sense.
Clarisse was lying on the ground where she'd
fallen.
Her armor smoked with poison.
Annabeth and the Ares campers were trying to unfasten her
helmet.
And kneeling next to them, her face blotchy with tears, was a girl in camp clothes.
It was . . .
Clarisse.
My head spun.
Why hadn't I noticed before?
The girl in Clarisse's armor was much thinner, not as
tall.
But why would someone pretend to be Clarisse?
I was so stunned, the drakon almost snapped me in half.
I dodged and the beast buried its head in a
brick wall.
"WHY?"
The real Clarisse demanded, holding the other girl in her arms while the campers struggled
to remove the poison-corroded helmet.
Chris Rodriguez ran over from the flying chariot.
He and Clarisse must've ridden it here from camp,
chasing the Ares campers, who'd mistakenly been following the other girl, thinking she was Clarisse.
But
it still made no sense.
The drakon tugged its head from the brick wall and screamed in rage.
"Look out!"
Chris warned.
Instead of turning toward me, the drakon whirled toward the sound of Chris's voice.
It bared its fangs
at the group of demigods.
The real Clarisse looked up at the drakon, her face filled with absolute hate.
I'd seen a look that
intense only once before.
Her father, Ares, had worn the same expression when I'd fought him in single
combat.
"YOU WANT DEATH?"
Clarisse screamed at the drakon.
"WELL, COME ON!"
She grabbed her spear from the fallen girl.
With no armor or shield, she charged the drakon.
I tried to close the distance to help, but Clarisse was faster.
She leaped aside as the monster struck,
pulverizing the ground in front of her.
Then she jumped onto the creature's head.
As it reared up, she
drove her electric spear into its good eye with so much force it shattered the shaft, releasing all of the

magic weapon's power.
Electricity arced across the creature's head, causing its whole body to shudder.
Clarisse jumped free,
rolling safely to the sidewalk as smoke boiled from the drakon's mouth.
The drakon's flesh dissolved, and
it collapsed into a hollow scaly tunnel of armor.
The rest of us stared at Clarisse in awe.
I had never seen anyone take down such a huge monster
single-handedly.
But Clarisse didn't seem to care.
She ran back to the wounded girl who'd stolen her
armor.
Finally Annabeth managed to remove the girl's helmet.
Clarisse cradled Silena's head in her lap.
Silena tried to swallow, but her lips were dry and cracked.
"Wouldn't . . .
listen.
Cabin would . . .
only
follow you.
"
"So you stole my armor," Clarisse said in disbelief.
"You waited until Chris and I went out on patrol;
you stole my armor and pretended to be me."
She glared at her siblings.
"And NONE of you noticed?"
The Ares campers developed a sudden interest in their combat boots.
"Don't blame them," Silena said.
"They wanted to . . .
to believe I was you.
"
"You stupid Aphrodite girl," Clarisse sobbed.
"You charged a drakon?
Why?"
"All my fault," Silena said, a tear streaking the side of her face.
"The drakon, Charlie's death . . .
camp
endangered—"

"Stop it!"
Clarisse said.
"That's not true.
"
Silena opened her hand.
In her palm was a silver bracelet with a scythe charm, the mark of Kronos.
A cold fist closed around my heart.
"You were the spy.
"
Silena tried to nod.
"Before . . .
Clarisse scowled at her cabinmates.
"Go, help the centaurs.
Protect the doors.
GO!"
They scrambled off to join the fight.
Silena took a heavy, painful breath.
"Forgive me."
"You're not dying," Clarisse insisted.
"Charlie . . ."
Silena's eyes were a million miles away.
"See Charlie . . .
"
She didn't speak again.
Clarisse held her and wept.
Chris put a hand on her shoulder.
Finally Annabeth closed Silena's eyes.
"We have to fight."
"
Clarisse sniffled and wiped her nose.
"She was a hero, understand?
A hero.
"
I nodded.
"Come on, Clarisse."
She picked up a sword from one of her fallen siblings.
"Kronos is going to pay.
"
***
I'd like to say I drove the enemy away from the Empire State Building.
The truth was Clarisse did all the
work.
Even without her armor or spear, she was a demon.
She rode her chariot straight into the Titan's
army and crushed everything in her path.
She was so inspiring, even the panicked centaurs started to rally.
The Hunters scrounged arrows from
the fallen and launched volley after volley into the enemy.
The Ares cabin slashed and hacked, which was
their favorite thing.
The monsters retreated toward 35th Street.
Clarisse drove to the drakon's carcass and looped a grappling line through its eye sockets.
She lashed
her horses and took off, dragging the drakon behind the chariot like a Chinese New Year dragon.
She
charged after the enemy, yelling insults and daring them to cross her.
As she rode, I realized she was
literally glowing.
An aura of red fire flickered around her.
"The blessing of Ares," Thalia said.
"I've never seen it in person before.
"
For the moment, Clarisse was as invincible as I was.
The enemy threw spears and arrows, but nothing
hit her.
"I AM CLARISSE, DRAKON-SLAYER!"
she yelled.
"I will kill you ALL!
Where is Kronos?
Bring
him out!
Is he a coward?"
"Clarisse!"
I yelled.
"Stop it.
Withdraw!"
"What's the matter, Titan lord?"
she yelled.
"BRING IT ON!"
There was no answer from the enemy.
Slowly, they began to fall back behind a dracaenae shield
wall, while Clarisse drove in circles around Fifth Avenue, daring anyone to cross her path.
The twohundred-foot-long drakon carcass made a hollow scraping noise against the pavement, like a thousand
knives.
Meanwhile, we tended our wounded, bringing them inside the lobby.
Long after the enemy had
retreated from sight, Clarisse kept riding up and down the avenue with her horrible trophy, demanding
that Kronos meet her battle.
Chris said, "I'll watch her.
She'll get tired eventually.
I'll make sure she comes inside.
"
"What about the camp?"
I asked.
"Is anybody left there?"
Chris shook his head.
"Only Argus and the nature spirits.
Peleus the dragon is still guarding the tree.
"
"They won't last long," I said.
"But I'm glad you came."
Chris nodded sadly.
"I'm sorry it took so long.
I tried to reason with Clarisse.
I said there's no point in
defending camp if you guys die.
All our friends are here.
I'm sorry it took Silena . . .
"
"My Hunters will help you stand guard," Thalia said.
"Annabeth and Percy, you should go to
Olympus.
I have a feeling they'll need you up there—to set up the final defense.
"

The doorman had disappeared from the lobby.
His book was facedown on the desk and his chair was
empty.
The rest of the lobby, however, was jam-packed with wounded campers, Hunters, and satyrs.
Connor and Travis Stoll met us by the elevators.
"Is it true?"
Connor asked.
"About Silena?"
I nodded.
"She died a hero.
"
Travis shifted uncomfortably.
"Um, I also heard—"
"That's it," I insisted.
"End of story."
"Right," Travis mumbled.
"Listen, we figure the Titan's army will have trouble getting up the
elevator.
They'll have to go up a few at a time.
And the giants won't be able to fit at all."
"That's our biggest advantage," I said.
"Any way to disable the elevator?"

"It's magic," Travis said.
"Usually you need a key card, but the doorman vanished.
That means the
defenses are crumbling.
Anyone can walk into the elevator now and head straight up."
"Then we have to keep them away from the doors," I said.
"We'll bottle them up in the lobby.
"
"We need reinforcements," Travis said.
"They'll just keep coming.
Eventually they'll overwhelm us.
"
"There are no reinforcements," Connor complained.
I looked outside at Mrs. O'Leary, who was breathing against the glass doors and smearing them with
hellhound drool.
"Maybe that's not true," I said.
I went outside and put a hand on Mrs. O'Leary s muzzle.
Chiron had bandaged her paw, but she was
still limping.
Her fur was matted with mud, leaves, pizza slices, and dried monster blood.
"Hey, girl."
I tried to sound upbeat.
"I know you're tired, but I've got one more big favor to ask you."
I leaned next to her and whispered in her ear.
Clarisse marched in, still shivering from her time in the ice block, and Ares bellowed, "There's my
girl!"
The god of war ruffled her hair and pounded her on the back, calling her the best warrior he'd ever
seen.
"That drakon-slaying?
THAT'S what I'm talking about!"
She looked pretty overwhelmed.
All she could do was nod and blink, like she was afraid he'd start
hitting her, but eventually she began to smile.
Hera and Hephaestus passed me, and while Hephaestus was a little grumpy about my jumping on his
throne, he thought I'd done "a pretty bang-up job, mostly.
"
Hera sniffed in disdain.
"I suppose I won't destroy you and that little girl now."
"Annabeth saved Olympus," I told her.
Clarisse led the way as the
eavesdroppers charged and hoisted us both onto their shoulders.
"Oh, come on!"
I complained.
"Is there no privacy?"
"The lovebirds need to cool off!"
Clarisse said with glee.
"The canoe lake!"
Connor Stoll shouted.
With a huge cheer, they carried us down the hill, but they kept us close enough to hold hands.
