All the way into the city, I put up with Nancy Bobofit, the freckly,
redheaded kleptomaniac girl, hitting my best friend Grover in the back of the

head with chunks of peanut butter-and-ketchup sandwich.
Grover was an easy target.
He was scrawny.
He cried when he got
frustrated.
He must’ve been held back several grades, because he was the
only sixth grader with acne and the start of a wispy beard on his chin.
On top
of all that, he was crippled.
He had a note excusing him from PE for the rest
of his life because he had some kind of muscular disease in his legs.
He
walked funny, like every step hurt him, but don’t let that fool you.
You
should’ve seen him run when it was enchilada day in the cafeteria.
Anyway, Nancy Bobofit was throwing wads of sandwich that stuck in his
curly brown hair, and she knew I couldn’t do anything back to her because I
was already on probation.
The headmaster had threatened me with death by
in-school suspension if anything bad, embarrassing, or even mildly
entertaining happened on this trip.
“I’m going to kill her,” I mumbled.
Grover tried to calm me down.
“It’s okay.
I like peanut butter.”
He dodged another piece of Nancy’s lunch.
“That’s it.”
I started to get up, but Grover pulled me back to my seat.
“You’re already on probation,” he reminded me.
“You know who’ll get
blamed if anything happens.”
Looking back on it, I wish I’d decked Nancy Bobofit right then and there.
In-school suspension would’ve been nothing compared to the mess I was
about to get myself into.
Mr. Brunner led the museum tour.
He rode up front in his wheelchair, guiding us through the big echoey
galleries, past marble statues and glass cases full of really old black-and-

orange pottery.
It blew my mind that this stuff had survived for two thousand, three
thousand years.
He gathered us around a thirteen-foot-tall stone column with a big sphinx
on the top, and started telling us how it was a grave marker, a stele, for a girl
about our age.
He told us about the carvings on the sides.
I was trying to
listen to what he had to say, because it was kind of interesting, but everybody
around me was talking, and every time I told them to shut up, the other
teacher chaperone, Mrs. Dodds, would give me the evil eye.
Mrs. Dodds was this little math teacher from Georgia who always wore a
black leather jacket, even though she was fifty years old.
She looked mean
enough to ride a Harley right into your locker.
She had come to Yancy
halfway through the year, when our last math teacher had a nervous
breakdown.
From her first day, Mrs. Dodds loved Nancy Bobofit and figured I was
devil spawn.
She would point her crooked finger at me and say, “Now,
honey,” real sweet, and I knew I was going to get after-school detention for a
month.
One time, after she’d made me erase answers out of old math workbooks
until midnight, I told Grover I didn’t think Mrs. Dodds was human.
He
looked at me, real serious, and said, “You’re absolutely right.”
Mr. Brunner kept talking about Greek funeral art.
Finally, Nancy Bobofit snickered something about the naked guy on the
stele, and I turned around and said, “Will you shut up?”
It came out louder than I meant it to.
The whole group laughed.
Mr. Brunner stopped his story.
“Mr. Jackson,” he said, “did you have a comment?”
My face was totally red.
I said, “No, sir.”
Mr. Brunner pointed to one of the pictures on the stele.
“Perhaps you’ll
tell us what this picture represents?”
I looked at the carving, and felt a flush of relief, because I actually
recognized it.
“That’s Kronos eating his kids, right?”
“Yes,” Mr. Brunner said, obviously not satisfied.
“And he did this
because…”
“Well…” I racked my brain to remember.
“Kronos was the king god, and
—”
“God?”
Mr. Brunner asked.
“Titan,” I corrected myself.
“And…he didn’t trust his kids, who were the
gods.
So, um, Kronos ate them, right?
I’d miss Grover, who’d been a good friend, even if he was a little strange.
I
worried how he’d survive next year without me.
I’d miss Latin class, too—Mr. Brunner’s crazy tournament days and his
faith that I could do well.
As exam week got closer, Latin was the only test I studied for.
I hadn’t
forgotten what Mr. Brunner had told me about this subject being life-anddeath for me.
I wasn’t sure why, but I’d started to believe him.
The evening before my final, I got so frustrated I threw the Cambridge Guide
to Greek Mythology across my dorm room.
Words had started swimming off
the page, circling my head, the letters doing one-eighties as if they were
riding skateboards.
There was no way I was going to remember the difference
between Chiron and Charon, or Polydictes and Polydeuces.
And conjugating
those Latin verbs?
Forget it.
I paced the room, feeling like ants were crawling around inside my shirt.
I remembered Mr. Brunner’s serious expression, his thousand-year-old
eyes.
I will accept only the best from you, Percy Jackson.
I took a deep breath.
I picked up the mythology book.
I’d never asked a teacher for help before.
Maybe if I talked to Mr.
Brunner, he could give me some pointers.
At least I could apologize for the
big fat F I was about to score on his exam.
I didn’t want to leave Yancy
Academy with him thinking I hadn’t tried.
I walked downstairs to the faculty offices.
Most of them were dark and
empty, but Mr. Brunner’s door was ajar, light from his window stretching
across the hallway floor.
I was three steps from the door handle when I heard voices inside the
office.
Mr. Brunner asked a question.
A voice that was definitely Grover’s
said “…worried about Percy, sir.”
I froze.
I’m not usually an eavesdropper, but I dare you to try not listening if you
hear your best friend talking about you to an adult.
I inched closer.
“…alone this summer,” Grover was saying.
“I mean, a Kindly One in the
school!
Now that we know for sure, and they know too—”

“We would only make matters worse by rushing him,” Mr. Brunner said.
“We need the boy to mature more.”
“But he may not have time.
The summer solstice deadline—”
“Will have to be resolved without him, Grover.
Let him enjoy his
ignorance while he still can.”
“Sir, he saw her.…”
“His imagination,” Mr. Brunner insisted.
“The Mist over the students and
staff will be enough to convince him of that.”
“Sir, I…I can’t fail in my duties again.”
Grover’s voice was choked with
emotion.
“You know what that would mean.”
“You haven’t failed, Grover,” Mr. Brunner said kindly.
“I should have
seen her for what she was.
Now let’s just worry about keeping Percy alive
until next fall—”
The mythology book dropped out of my hand and hit the floor with a
thud.
Mr. Brunner went silent.
My heart hammering, I picked up the book and backed down the hall.
A shadow slid across the lighted glass of Brunner’s office door, the
shadow of something much taller than my wheelchair-bound teacher, holding
something that looked suspiciously like an archer’s bow.
I opened the nearest door and slipped inside.
A few seconds later I heard a slow clop-clop-clop, like muffled wood
blocks, then a sound like an animal snuffling right outside my door.
A large,
dark shape paused in front of the glass, then moved on.
A bead of sweat trickled down my neck.
Somewhere in the hallway, Mr. Brunner spoke.
“Nothing,” he murmured.
“My nerves haven’t been right since the winter solstice.”
“Mine neither,” Grover said.
“But I could have sworn…”
“Go back to the dorm,” Mr. Brunner told him.
“You’ve got a long day of
exams tomorrow.”
“Don’t remind me.”
The lights went out in Mr. Brunner’s office.
I waited in the dark for what seemed like forever.
Finally, I slipped out into the hallway and made my way back up to the
dorm.
Grover was lying on his bed, studying his Latin exam notes like he’d
been there all night.
“Hey,” he said, bleary-eyed.
“You going to be ready for this test?”
I didn’t answer.
“You look awful.”
He frowned.
“Is everything okay?”
“Just…tired.”
I turned so he couldn’t read my expression, and started getting ready for
bed.
I didn’t understand what I’d heard downstairs.
I wanted to believe I’d
imagined the whole thing.
But one thing was clear: Grover and Mr. Brunner were talking about me
behind my back.
They thought I was in some kind of danger.
The next afternoon, as I was leaving the three-hour Latin exam, my eyes
swimming with all the Greek and Roman names I’d misspelled, Mr. Brunner
called me back inside.
For a moment, I was worried he’d found out about my eavesdropping the
night before, but that didn’t seem to be the problem.
“Percy,” he said.
“Don’t be discouraged about leaving Yancy.
It’s…it’s
for the best.”
His tone was kind, but the words still embarrassed me.
Even though he
was speaking quietly, the other kids finishing the test could hear.
Nancy
Bobofit smirked at me and made sarcastic little kissing motions with her lips.
I mumbled, “Okay, sir.”
“I mean…” Mr. Brunner wheeled his chair back and forth, like he wasn’t
sure what to say.
“This isn’t the right place for you.
It was only a matter of
time.”
My eyes stung.
Here was my favorite teacher, in front of the class, telling me I couldn’t
handle it.
After saying he believed in me all year, now he was telling me I
was destined to get kicked out.
“Right,” I said, trembling.
“No, no,” Mr. Brunner said.
“Oh, confound it all.
What I’m trying to
say…you’re not normal, Percy.
That’s nothing to be—”
“Thanks,” I blurted.
“Thanks a lot, sir, for reminding me.”
“Percy—”
But I was already gone.
On the last day of the term, I shoved my clothes into my suitcase.
The other guys were joking around, talking about their vacation plans.
One of them was going on a hiking trip to Switzerland.
Another was cruising
the Caribbean for a month.
They were juvenile delinquents, like me, but they

were rich juvenile delinquents.
Their daddies were executives, or
ambassadors, or celebrities.
I was a nobody, from a family of nobodies.
They asked me what I’d be doing this summer
and I told them I was
going back to the city.
What I didn’t tell them was that I’d have to get a summer job walking
dogs or selling magazine subscriptions, and spend my free time worrying
about where I’d go to school in the fall.
“Oh,” one of the guys said.
“That’s cool.”
They went back to their conversation as if I’d never existed.
The only person I dreaded saying good-bye to was Grover, but as it
turned out, I didn’t have to.
He’d booked a ticket to Manhattan on the same
Greyhound as I had, so there we were, together again, heading into the city.
During the whole bus ride, Grover kept glancing nervously down the
aisle, watching the other passengers.
It occurred to me that he’d always acted
nervous and fidgety when we left Yancy, as if he expected something bad to
happen.
Before, I’d always assumed he was worried about getting teased.
But
there was nobody to tease him on the Greyhound.
Finally I couldn’t stand it anymore.
I said, “Looking for Kindly Ones?”
Grover nearly jumped out of his seat.
“Wha—what do you mean?”
I confessed about eavesdropping on him and Mr. Brunner the night before
the exam.
Grover’s eye twitched.
“How much did you hear?”
“Oh…not much.
What’s the summer solstice deadline?”
He winced.
“Look, Percy…I was just worried for you, see?
I mean,
hallucinating about demon math teachers…”

“Grover—”
“And I was telling Mr. Brunner that maybe you were overstressed or
something, because there was no such person as Mrs. Dodds, and…”
“Grover, you’re a really, really bad liar.”
His ears turned pink.
From his shirt pocket, he fished out a grubby business card.
“Just take
this, okay?
In case you need me this summer.”
The card was in fancy script, which was murder on my dyslexic eyes, but
I finally made out something like:

Grover Underwood
Keeper
Half-Blood Hill
Long Island, New York
(800) 009-0009

“What’s Half—”
“Don’t say it aloud!”
he yelped.
“That’s my, um…summer address.”
My heart sank.
Grover had a summer home.
I’d never considered that his
family might be as rich as the others at Yancy.
“Okay,” I said glumly.
“So, like, if I want to come visit your mansion.”
He nodded.
“Or…or if you need me.”
“Why would I need you?”
It came out harsher than I meant it to.
Grover blushed right down to his Adam’s apple.
“Look, Percy, the truth

is, I—I kind of have to protect you.”
I stared at him.
All year long, I’d gotten in fights, keeping bullies away from him.
I’d lost
sleep worrying that he’d get beaten up next year without me.
And here he
was acting like he was the one who defended me.
“Grover,” I said, “what exactly are you protecting me from?”
There was a huge grinding noise under our feet.
Black smoke poured
from the dashboard and the whole bus filled with a smell like rotten eggs.
The driver cursed and limped the Greyhound over to the side of the highway.
After a few minutes clanking around in the engine compartment, the
driver announced that we’d all have to get off.
Grover and I filed outside with
everybody else.
We were on a stretch of country road—no place you’d notice if you
didn’t break down there.
On our side of the highway was nothing but maple
trees and litter from passing cars.
On the other side, across four lanes of
asphalt shimmering with afternoon heat, was an old-fashioned fruit stand.
The stuff on sale looked really good: heaping boxes of bloodred cherries
and apples, walnuts and apricots, jugs of cider in a claw-foot tub full of ice.
There were no customers, just three old ladies sitting in rocking chairs in the
shade of a maple tree, knitting the biggest pair of socks I’d ever seen.
I mean these socks were the size of sweaters, but they were clearly socks.
The lady on the right knitted one of them.
The lady on the left knitted the
other.
The lady in the middle held an enormous basket of electric-blue yarn.
All three women looked ancient, with pale faces wrinkled like fruit
leather, silver hair tied back in white bandannas, bony arms sticking out of
bleached cotton dresses.
The weirdest thing was, they seemed to be looking right at me.
I looked over at Grover to say something about this and saw that the
blood had drained from his face.
His nose was twitching.
“Grover?”
I said.
“Hey, man—”
“Tell me they’re not looking at you.
They are, aren’t they?”
“Yeah.
Weird, huh?
You think those socks would fit me?”
“Not funny, Percy.
Not funny at all.”
The old lady in the middle took out a huge pair of scissors—gold and
silver, long-bladed, like shears.
I heard Grover catch his breath.
“We’re getting on the bus,” he told me.
“Come on.”
“What?” I said.
“It’s a thousand degrees in there.”
“Come on!”
He pried open the door and climbed inside, but I stayed back.
Across the road, the old ladies were still watching me.
The middle one cut
the yarn, and I swear I could hear that snip across four lanes of traffic.
Her
two friends balled up the electric-blue socks, leaving me wondering who they
could possibly be for—Sasquatch or Godzilla.
At the rear of the bus, the driver wrenched a big chunk of smoking metal
out of the engine compartment.
The bus shuddered, and the engine roared
back to life.
The passengers cheered.
“Darn right!” yelled the driver.
He slapped the bus with his hat.
“Everybody back on board!”
Once we got going, I started feeling feverish, as if I’d caught the flu.
Grover didn’t look much better.
He was shivering and his teeth were
chattering.
“Grover?”
“Yeah?”

“What are you not telling me?”
He dabbed his forehead with his shirt sleeve.
“Percy, what did you see
back at the fruit stand?”
“You mean the old ladies?
What is it about them, man?
They’re not
like…Mrs. Dodds, are they?”
His expression was hard to read, but I got the feeling that the fruit-stand
ladies were something much, much worse than Mrs. Dodds.
He said, “Just
tell me what you saw.”
“The middle one took out her scissors, and she cut the yarn.”
He closed his eyes and made a gesture with his fingers that might’ve been
crossing himself, but it wasn’t.
It was something else, something almost—
older.
He said, “You saw her snip the cord.”
“Yeah.
So?”
But even as I said it, I knew it was a big deal.
“This is not happening,” Grover mumbled.
He started chewing at his
thumb.
“I don’t want this to be like the last time.”
“What last time?”
“Always sixth grade.
They never get past sixth.”
“Grover,” I said, because he was really starting to scare me.
“What are
you talking about?”
“Let me walk you home from the bus station.
Promise me.”
This seemed like a strange request to me, but I promised he could.
“Is this like a superstition or something?”
I asked.
No answer.
“Grover—that snipping of the yarn.
Does that mean somebody is going to
die?”

He looked at me mournfully, like he was already picking the kind of
flowers I’d like best on my coffin.
THREE

GROVER UNEXPECTEDLY LOSES HIS PANTS

Confession time: I ditched Grover as soon as we got to the bus terminal.
I know, I know.
It was rude.
But Grover was freaking me out, looking at
me like I was a dead man, muttering “Why does this always happen?” and
“Why does it always have to be sixth grade?”
Whenever he got upset, Grover’s bladder acted up, so I wasn’t surprised
when, as soon as we got off the bus, he made me promise to wait for him,
then made a beeline for the restroom.
Instead of waiting, I got my suitcase,
slipped outside, and caught the first taxi uptown.
“East One-hundred-and-fourth and First,” I told the driver.
A word about my mother, before you meet her.
Her name is Sally Jackson and she’s the best person in the world, which
just proves my theory that the best people have the rottenest luck.
Her own
parents died in a plane crash when she was five, and she was raised by an
uncle who didn’t care much about her.
She wanted to be a novelist, so she
spent high school working to save enough money for a college with a good
creative-writing program.
Then her uncle got cancer, and she had to quit
school her senior year to take care of him.
After he died, she was left with no
money, no family, and no diploma.
The only good break she ever got was meeting my dad.
I don’t have any memories of him, just this sort of warm glow, maybe the
barest trace of his smile.
My mom doesn’t like to talk about him because it
makes her sad.
She has no pictures.
See, they weren’t married.
She told me he was rich and important, and
their relationship was a secret.
Then one day, he set sail across the Atlantic on
some important journey, and he never came back.
Lost at sea, my mom told me.
Not dead.
Lost at sea.
She worked odd jobs, took night classes to get her high school diploma,
and raised me on her own.
She never complained or got mad.
Not even once.
But I knew I wasn’t an easy kid.
Finally, she married Gabe Ugliano, who was nice the first thirty seconds
we knew him, then showed his true colors as a world-class jerk.
When I was
young, I nicknamed him Smelly Gabe.
I’m sorry, but it’s the truth.
The guy
reeked like moldy garlic pizza wrapped in gym shorts.
Between the two of us, we made my mom’s life pretty hard.
The way
Smelly Gabe treated her, the way he and I got along…well, when I came
home is a good example.
I walked into our little apartment, hoping my mom would be home from
work.
Instead, Smelly Gabe was in the living room, playing poker with his
buddies.
The television blared ESPN.
Chips and beer cans were strewn all
over the carpet.
Hardly looking up, he said around his cigar, “So, you’re home.”
“Where’s my mom?”
“Working,” he said.
“You got any cash?”
That was it.
No Welcome back.
Good to see you.
How has your life been

the last six months?
Gabe had put on weight.
He looked like a tuskless walrus in thrift-store
clothes.
He had about three hairs on his head, all combed over his bald scalp,
as if that made him handsome or something.
He managed the Electronics Mega-Mart in Queens, but he stayed home
most of the time.
I don’t know why he hadn’t been fired long before.
He just
kept on collecting paychecks, spending the money on cigars that made me
nauseous, and on beer, of course.
Always beer.
Whenever I was home, he
expected me to provide his gambling funds.
He called that our “guy secret.”
Meaning, if I told my mom, he would punch my lights out.
“I don’t have any cash,” I told him.
He raised a greasy eyebrow.
Gabe could sniff out money like a bloodhound, which was surprising,
since his own smell should’ve covered up everything else.
“You took a taxi from the bus station,” he said.
“Probably paid with a
twenty.
Got six, seven bucks in change.
Somebody expects to live under this
roof, he ought to carry his own weight.
Am I right, Eddie?”
Eddie, the super of the apartment building, looked at me with a twinge of
sympathy.
“Come on, Gabe,” he said.
“The kid just got here.”
“Am I right?”
Gabe repeated.
Eddie scowled into his bowl of pretzels.
The other two guys passed gas in
harmony.
“Fine,” I said.
I dug a wad of dollars out of my pocket and threw the
money on the table.
“I hope you lose.”
“Your report card came, brain boy!”
he shouted after me.
“I wouldn’t act
so snooty!”
I slammed the door to my room, which really wasn’t my room.
During
school months, it was Gabe’s “study.”
He didn’t study anything in there
except old car magazines, but he loved shoving my stuff in the closet, leaving
his muddy boots on my windowsill, and doing his best to make the place
smell like his nasty cologne and cigars and stale beer.
I dropped my suitcase on the bed.
Home sweet home.
Gabe’s smell was almost worse than the nightmares about Mrs. Dodds, or
the sound of that old fruit lady’s shears snipping the yarn.
But as soon as I thought that, my legs felt weak.
I remembered Grover’s
look of panic—how he’d made me promise I wouldn’t go home without him.
A sudden chill rolled through me.
I felt like someone—something—was
looking for me right now, maybe pounding its way up the stairs, growing
long, horrible talons.
Then I heard my mom’s voice.
“Percy?”
She opened the bedroom door, and my fears melted.
My mother can make me feel good just by walking into the room.
Her
eyes sparkle and change color in the light.
Her smile is as warm as a quilt.
She’s got a few gray streaks mixed in with her long brown hair, but I never
think of her as old.
When she looks at me, it’s like she’s seeing all the good
things about me, none of the bad.
I’ve never heard her raise her voice or say
an unkind word to anyone, not even me or Gabe.
“Oh, Percy.”
She hugged me tight.
“I can’t believe it.
You’ve grown
since Christmas!”
Her red-white-and-blue Sweet on America uniform smelled like the best
things in the world: chocolate, licorice, and all the other stuff she sold at the
candy shop in Grand Central.
She’d brought me a huge bag of “free
samples,” the way she always did when I came home.
We sat together on the edge of the bed.
While I attacked the blueberry
sour strings, she ran her hand through my hair and demanded to know
everything I hadn’t put in my letters.
She didn’t mention anything about my
getting expelled.
She didn’t seem to care about that.
But was I okay?
Was her
little boy doing all right?
I told her she was smothering me, and to lay off and all that, but secretly,
I was really, really glad to see her.
I started choking up, thinking about Grover and
Mr. Brunner.
Even Nancy Bobofit suddenly didn’t seem so bad.
Until that trip to the museum…
“What?”
my mom asked.
Her eyes tugged at my conscience, trying to
pull out the secrets.
“Did something scare you?”
“No, Mom.”
I felt bad lying.
I wanted to tell her about Mrs. Dodds and the three old
ladies with the yarn, but I thought it would sound stupid.
She pursed her lips.
She knew I was holding back, but she didn’t push
me.
“I have a surprise for you,” she said.
“We’re going to the beach.”
My eyes widened.
“Montauk?”
“Three nights—same cabin.”
“When?”
She smiled.
“As soon as I get changed.”
I couldn’t believe it.
My mom and I hadn’t been to Montauk the last two
summers, because Gabe said there wasn’t enough money.
I was too shocked to wonder how Grover had
gotten here by himself in the middle of the night.
Because Grover didn’t have
his pants on—and where his legs should be…where his legs should be…
My mom looked at me sternly and talked in a tone she’d never used
before: “Percy.
Tell me now!”
I stammered something about the old ladies at the fruit stand, and Mrs.
Dodds, and my mom stared at me, her face deathly pale in the flashes of
lightning.
She grabbed her purse, tossed me my rain jacket, and said, “Get to the
car.
Both of you.
Go!”
Grover ran for the Camaro—but he wasn’t running, exactly.
He was

trotting, shaking his shaggy hindquarters, and suddenly his story about a
muscular disorder in his legs made sense to me.
I understood how he could
run so fast and still limp when he walked.
Because where his feet should be, there were no feet.
There were cloven
hooves.
FOUR

MY MOTHER TEACHES ME BULLFIGHTING

We tore through the night along dark country roads.
Wind slammed against
the Camaro.
Rain lashed the windshield.
I didn’t know how my mom could
see anything, but she kept her foot on the gas.
Every time there was a flash of lightning, I looked at Grover sitting next
to me in the backseat
and I wondered if I’d gone insane, or if he was wearing
some kind of shag-carpet pants.
But, no, the smell was one I remembered
from kindergarten field trips to the petting zoo—lanolin, like from wool.
The
smell of a wet barnyard animal.
All I could think to say was, “So, you and my mom…know each other?”
Grover’s eyes flitted to the rearview mirror, though there were no cars
behind us.
“Not exactly,” he said.
“I mean, we’ve never met in person.
But
she knew I was watching you.”
“Watching me?”
“Keeping tabs on you.
Making sure you were okay.
But I wasn’t faking
being your friend,” he added hastily.
“I am your friend.”
“Um…what are you, exactly?”
“That doesn’t matter right now.”
“It doesn’t matter?
From the waist down, my best friend is a donkey—”
Grover let out a sharp, throaty “Blaa-ha-ha!”

I’d heard him make that sound before, but I’d always assumed it was a
nervous laugh.
Now I realized it was more of an irritated bleat.
“Goat!” he cried.
“What?”
“I’m a goat from the waist down.”
“You just said it didn’t matter.”
“Blaa-ha-ha!
There are satyrs who would trample you underhoof for
such an insult!”
“Whoa. Wait.
Satyrs.
You mean like…Mr. Brunner’s myths?”
“Were those old ladies at the fruit stand a myth, Percy?
Was Mrs. Dodds a
myth?”
“So you admit there was a Mrs. Dodds!”
“Of course.”
“Then why—”
“The less you knew, the fewer monsters you’d attract,” Grover said, like
that should be perfectly obvious.
“We put Mist over the humans’ eyes.
We
hoped you’d think the Kindly One was a hallucination.
But it was no good.
You started to realize who you are.”
“Who I—wait a minute, what do you mean?”
The weird bellowing noise rose up again somewhere behind us, closer
than before.
Whatever was chasing us was still on our trail.
“Percy,” my mom said, “there’s too much to explain and not enough time.
We have to get you to safety.”
“Safety from what?
Who’s after me?”
“Oh, nobody much,” Grover said, obviously still miffed about the donkey
comment.
“Just the Lord of the Dead and a few of his blood-thirstiest

minions.”
“Grover!”
“Sorry, Mrs. Jackson.
Could you drive faster, please?”
I tried to wrap my mind around what was happening, but I couldn’t do it.
I knew this wasn’t a dream.
I had no imagination.
I could never dream up
something this weird.
My mom made a hard left.
We swerved onto a narrower road, racing past
darkened farmhouses and wooded hills and PICK YOUR OWN STRAWBERRIES
signs on white picket fences.
“Where are we going?”
I asked.
“The summer camp I told you about.”
My mother’s voice was tight; she
was trying for my sake not to be scared.
“The place your father wanted to
send you.”
“The place you didn’t want me to go.”
“Please, dear,” my mother begged.
“This is hard enough.
Try to
understand.
You’re in danger.”
“Because some old ladies cut yarn.”
“Those weren’t old ladies,” Grover said.
“Those were the Fates.
Do you
know what it means—the fact they appeared in front of you?
They only do
that when you’re about to…when someone’s about to die.”
“Whoa.
You said ‘you.’”
“No I didn’t.
I said ‘someone.’”
“You meant ‘you.’
As in me.”
“I meant you, like ‘someone.’
Not you, you.”
“Boys!”
my mom said.
She pulled the wheel hard to the right, and I got a glimpse of a figure

she’d swerved to avoid—a dark fluttering shape now lost behind us in the
storm.
“What was that?”
I asked.
“We’re almost there,” my mother said, ignoring my question.
“Another
mile.
Please.
Please.
Please.”
I didn’t know where there was, but I found myself leaning forward in the
car, anticipating, wanting us to arrive.
Outside, nothing but rain and darkness—the kind of empty countryside
you get way out on the tip of Long Island.
I thought about Mrs. Dodds and
the moment when she’d changed into the thing with pointed teeth and
leathery wings.
My limbs went numb from delayed shock.
She really hadn’t
been human.
She’d meant to kill me.
Then I thought about Mr. Brunner…and the sword he had thrown me.
Before I could ask Grover about that, the hair rose on the back of my neck.
There was a blinding flash, a jaw-rattling boom!, and our car exploded.
I remember feeling weightless, like I was being crushed, fried, and hosed
down all at the same time.
I peeled my forehead off the back of the driver’s seat and said, “Ow.”
“Percy!”
my mom shouted.
“I’m okay.…”
I tried to shake off the daze.
I wasn’t dead.
The car hadn’t really
exploded.
We’d swerved into a ditch.
Our driver’s-side doors were wedged in
the mud.
The roof had cracked open like an eggshell and rain was pouring in.
Lightning.
That was the only explanation.
We’d been blasted right off the
road.
Next to me in the backseat was a big motionless lump.
“Grover!”
He was slumped over, blood trickling from the side of his mouth.
I shook

his furry hip, thinking, No!
Even if you are half barnyard animal, you’re my
best friend and I don’t want you to die!
Then he groaned “Food,” and I knew there was hope.
“Percy,” my mother said, “we have to…” Her voice faltered.
I looked back.
In a flash of lightning, through the mud-spattered rear
windshield, I saw a figure lumbering toward us on the shoulder of the road.
The sight of it made my skin crawl.
It was a dark silhouette of a huge guy,
like a football player.
He seemed to be holding a blanket over his head.
His
top half was bulky and fuzzy.
His upraised hands made it look like he had
horns.
I swallowed hard.
“Who is—”
“Percy,” my mother said, deadly serious.
“Get out of the car.”
My mother threw herself against the driver’s-side door.
It was jammed
shut in the mud.
I tried mine.
Stuck too.
I looked up desperately at the hole in
the roof.
It might’ve been an exit, but the edges were sizzling and smoking.
“Climb out the passenger’s side!”
my mother told me.
“Percy—you have
to run.
Do you see that big tree?”
“What?”
Another flash of lightning, and through the smoking hole in the roof I saw
the tree she meant: a huge, White House Christmas tree–sized pine at the
crest of the nearest hill.
“That’s the property line,” my mom said.
“Get over that hill and you’ll
see a big farmhouse down in the valley.
Run and don’t look back.
Yell for
help.
Don’t stop until you reach the door.”
“Mom, you’re coming too.”
Her face was pale, her eyes as sad as when she looked at the ocean.
“No!”
I shouted.
“You are coming with me.
Help me carry Grover.”
“Food!”
Grover moaned, a little louder.
The man with the blanket on his head kept coming toward us, making his
grunting, snorting noises.
As he got closer, I realized he couldn’t be holding a
blanket over his head, because his hands—huge meaty hands—were
swinging at his sides.
There was no blanket.
Meaning the bulky, fuzzy mass
that was too big to be his head…was his head.
And the points that looked like
horns…
“He doesn’t want us,” my mother told me.
“He wants you.
Besides, I
can’t cross the property line.”
“But…”
“We don’t have time, Percy.
Go.
Please.”
I got mad, then—mad at my mother, at Grover the goat, at the thing with
horns that was lumbering toward us slowly and deliberately like, like a bull.
I climbed across Grover and pushed the door open into the rain.
“We’re
going together.
Come on, Mom.”
“I told you—”
“Mom!
I am not leaving you.
Help me with Grover.”
I didn’t wait for her answer.
I scrambled outside, dragging Grover from
the car.
He was surprisingly light, but I couldn’t have carried him very far if
my mom hadn’t come to my aid.
Together, we draped Grover’s arms over our shoulders and started
stumbling uphill through wet waist-high grass.
Glancing back, I got my first clear look at the monster.
He was seven feet
tall, easy, his arms and legs like something from the cover of Muscle Man
magazine—bulging biceps and triceps and a bunch of other ’ceps, all stuffed

like baseballs under vein-webbed skin.
He wore no clothes except underwear
—I mean, bright white Fruit of the Looms—which would’ve looked funny,
except that the top half of his body was so scary.
Coarse brown hair started at
about his belly button and got thicker as it reached his shoulders.
His neck was a mass of muscle and fur leading up to his enormous head,
which had a snout as long as my arm, snotty nostrils with a gleaming brass
ring, cruel black eyes, and horns—enormous black-and-white horns with
points you just couldn’t get from an electric sharpener.
I recognized the monster, all right.
He had been in one of the first stories
Mr. Brunner told us.
But he couldn’t be real.
I blinked the rain out of my eyes.
“That’s—”
“Pasiphae’s son,” my mother said.
“I wish I’d known how badly they
want to kill you.”
“But he’s the Min—”
“Don’t say his name,” she warned.
“Names have power.”
The pine tree was still way too far—a hundred yards uphill at least.
I glanced behind me again.
The bull-man hunched over our car, looking in the windows—or not
looking, exactly.
More like snuffling, nuzzling.
I wasn’t sure why he
bothered, since we were only about fifty feet away.
“Food?”
Grover moaned.
“Shhh,” I told him.
“Mom, what’s he doing?
Doesn’t he see us?”
“His sight and hearing are terrible,” she said.
“He goes by smell.
But he’ll
figure out where we are soon enough.”
As if on cue, the bull-man bellowed in rage.
He picked up Gabe’s Camaro
by the torn roof, the chassis creaking and groaning.
He raised the car over his

head and threw it down the road.
It slammed into the wet asphalt and skidded
in a shower of sparks for about half a mile before coming to a stop.
The gas
tank exploded.
Not a scratch, I remembered Gabe saying.
Oops.
“Percy,” my mom said.
“When he sees us, he’ll charge.
Wait until the last
second, then jump out of the way—directly sideways.
He can’t change
directions very well once he’s charging.
Do you understand?”
“How do you know all this?”
“I’ve been worried about an attack for a long time.
I should have
expected this.
I was selfish, keeping you near me.”
“Keeping me near you?
But—”
Another bellow of rage, and the bull-man started tromping uphill.
He’d smelled us.
The pine tree was only a few more yards, but the hill was getting steeper
and slicker, and Grover wasn’t getting any lighter.
The bull-man closed in.
Another few seconds and he’d be on top of us.
My mother must’ve been exhausted, but she shouldered Grover.
“Go,
Percy!
Separate!
Remember what I said.”
I didn’t want to split up, but I had the feeling she was right—it was our
only chance.
I sprinted to the left, turned, and saw the creature bearing down
on me.
His black eyes glowed with hate.
He reeked like rotten meat.
He lowered his head and charged, those razor-sharp horns aimed straight
at my chest.
The fear in my stomach made me want to bolt, but that wouldn’t work.
I
could never outrun this thing.
So I held my ground, and at the last moment, I

jumped to the side.
The bull-man stormed past like a freight train, then bellowed with
frustration and turned, but not toward me this time, toward my mother, who
was setting Grover down in the grass.
We’d reached the crest of the hill.
Down the other side I could see a
valley, just as my mother had said, and the lights of a farmhouse glowing
yellow through the rain.
But that was half a mile away.
We’d never make it.
The bull-man grunted, pawing the ground.
He kept eyeing my mother,
who was now retreating slowly downhill, back toward the road, trying to lead
the monster away from Grover.
“Run, Percy!”
she told me.
“I can’t go any farther.
Run!”
But I just stood there, frozen in fear, as the monster charged her.
She tried
to sidestep, as she’d told me to do, but the monster had learned his lesson.
His hand shot out and grabbed her by the neck as she tried to get away.
He
lifted her as she struggled, kicking and pummeling the air.
“Mom!”
She caught my eyes, managed to choke out one last word: “Go!”
Then, with an angry roar, the monster closed his fists around my mother’s
neck, and she dissolved before my eyes, melting into light, a shimmering
golden form, as if she were a holographic projection.
A blinding flash, and
she was simply…gone.
“No!”
Anger replaced my fear.
Newfound strength burned in my limbs—the
same rush of energy I’d gotten when Mrs. Dodds grew talons.
The bull-man bore down on Grover, who lay helpless in the grass.
The
monster hunched over, snuffling my best friend, as if he were about to lift

Grover up and make him dissolve too.
I couldn’t allow that.
I stripped off my red rain jacket.
“Hey!”
I screamed, waving the jacket, running to one side of the monster.
“Hey, stupid!
Ground beef!”
“Raaaarrrrr!”
The monster turned toward me, shaking his meaty fists.
I had an idea—a stupid idea, but better than no idea at all.
I put my back
to the big pine tree and waved my red jacket in front of the bull-man,
thinking I’d jump out of the way at the last moment.
But it didn’t happen like that.
The bull-man charged too fast, his arms out to grab me whichever way I
tried to dodge.
Time slowed down.
My legs tensed.
I couldn’t jump sideways, so I leaped straight up, kicking
off from the creature’s head, using it as a springboard, turning in midair, and
landing on his neck.
How did I do that?
I didn’t have time to figure it out.
A millisecond later,
the monster’s head slammed into the tree and the impact nearly knocked my
teeth out.
The bull-man staggered around, trying to shake me.
I locked my arms
around his horns to keep from being thrown.
Thunder and lightning were still
going strong.
The rain was in my eyes.
The smell of rotten meat burned my
nostrils.
The monster shook himself around and bucked like a rodeo bull.
He
should have just backed up into the tree and smashed me flat, but I was
starting to realize that this thing had only one gear: forward.
Meanwhile, Grover started groaning in the grass.
I wanted to yell at him
to shut up, but the way I was getting tossed around, if I opened my mouth I’d
bite my own tongue off.
“Food!”
Grover moaned.
The bull-man wheeled toward him, pawed the ground again, and got
ready to charge.
I thought about how he had squeezed the life out of my
mother, made her disappear in a flash of light, and rage filled me like highoctane fuel.
I got both hands around one horn
and I pulled backward with all
my might.
The monster tensed, gave a surprised grunt, then—snap!
The bull-man screamed and flung me through the air.
I landed flat on my
back in the grass.
My head smacked against a rock.
When I sat up, my vision
was blurry, but I had a horn in my hands, a ragged bone weapon the size of a
knife.
The monster charged.
Without thinking, I rolled to one side and came up kneeling.
As the
monster barreled past, I drove the broken horn straight into his side, right up
under his furry rib cage.
The bull-man roared in agony.
He flailed, clawing at his chest, then began
to disintegrate—not like my mother, in a flash of golden light, but like
crumbling sand, blown away in chunks by the wind, the same way Mrs.
Dodds had burst apart.
The monster was gone.
The rain had stopped.
The storm still rumbled, but only in the distance.
I
smelled like livestock and my knees were shaking.
My head felt like it was
splitting open.
I was weak and scared and trembling with grief.
I’d just seen
my mother vanish.
I wanted to lie down and cry, but there was Grover,
needing my help, so I managed to haul him up and stagger down into the

valley, toward the lights of the farmhouse.
I was crying, calling for my
mother, but I held on to Grover—I wasn’t going to let him go.
The last thing I remember is collapsing on a wooden porch, looking up at
a ceiling fan circling above me, moths flying around a yellow light, and the
stern faces of a familiar-looking bearded man and a pretty girl, her blond hair
curled like a princess’s.
They both looked down at me, and the girl said,
“He’s the one.
He must be.”
“Silence, Annabeth,” the man said.
“He’s still conscious.
Bring him
inside.”
FIVE

I PLAY PINOCHLE WITH A HORSE

I had weird dreams full of barnyard animals.
Most of them wanted to kill
me.
The rest wanted food.
I must’ve woken up several times, but what I heard and saw made no
sense, so I just passed out again.
I remember lying in a soft bed, being spoonfed something that tasted like buttered popcorn, only it was pudding.
The girl
with curly blond hair hovered over me, smirking as she scraped drips off my
chin with the spoon.
When she saw my eyes open, she asked, “What will happen at the
summer solstice?”
I managed to croak, “What?”
She looked around, as if afraid someone would overhear.
“What’s going
on?
What was stolen?
We’ve only got a few weeks!”
“I’m sorry,” I mumbled, “I don’t…”
Somebody knocked on the door, and the girl quickly filled my mouth
with pudding.
The next time I woke up, the girl was gone.
A husky blond dude, like a surfer, stood in the corner of the bedroom
keeping watch over me.
He had blue eyes—at least a dozen of them—on his
cheeks, his forehead, the backs of his hands.
When I finally came around for good, there was nothing weird about my
surroundings, except that they were nicer than I was used to.
I was sitting in a
deck chair on a huge porch, gazing across a meadow at green hills in the
distance.
The breeze smelled like strawberries.
There was a blanket over my
legs, a pillow behind my neck.
All that was great, but my mouth felt like a
scorpion had been using it for a nest.
My tongue was dry and nasty and every
one of my teeth hurt.
On the table next to me was a tall drink.
It looked like iced apple juice,
with a green straw and a paper parasol stuck through a maraschino cherry.
My hand was so weak I almost dropped the glass once I got my fingers
around it.
“Careful,” a familiar voice said.
Grover was leaning against the porch railing, looking like he hadn’t slept
in a week.
Under one arm, he cradled a shoe box.
He was wearing blue jeans,
Converse hi-tops and a bright orange T-shirt that said CAMP HALF-BLOOD.
Just
plain old Grover.
Not the goat boy.
So maybe I’d had a nightmare.
Maybe my mom was okay.
We were still
on vacation, and we’d stopped here at this big house for some reason.
And…
“You saved my life,” Grover said.
“I…well, the least I could do…I went
back to the hill.
I thought you might want this.”
Reverently, he placed the shoe box in my lap.
Inside was a black-and-white bull’s horn, the base jagged from being
broken off, the tip splattered with dried blood.
It hadn’t been a nightmare.
“The Minotaur,” I said.
“Um, Percy, it isn’t a good idea—”

“That’s what they call him in the Greek myths, isn’t it?”
I demanded.
“The Minotaur.
Half man, half bull.”
Grover shifted uncomfortably.
“You’ve been out for two days.
How
much do you remember?”
“My mom.
Is she really…”
He looked down.
I stared across the meadow.
There were groves of trees, a winding stream,
acres of strawberries spread out under the blue sky.
The valley was
surrounded by rolling hills, and the tallest one, directly in front of us, was the
one with the huge pine tree on top.
Even that looked beautiful in the sunlight.
My mother was gone.
The whole world should be black and cold.
Nothing should look beautiful.
“I’m sorry,” Grover sniffled.
“I’m a failure.
I’m—I’m the worst satyr in
the world.”
He moaned, stomping his foot so hard it came off.
I mean, the Converse
hi-top came off.
The inside was filled with Styrofoam, except for a hoofshaped hole.
“Oh, Styx!”
he mumbled.
Thunder rolled across the clear sky.
As he struggled to get his hoof back in the fake foot, I thought, Well, that
settles it.
Grover was a satyr.
I was ready to bet that if I shaved his curly brown
hair, I’d find tiny horns on his head.
But I was too miserable to care that
satyrs existed, or even minotaurs.
All that meant was my mom really had been squeezed into nothingness,
dissolved into yellow light.
I was alone.
An orphan.
I would have to live with…Smelly Gabe?
No.
That would never happen.
I would live on the streets first.
I would pretend I
was seventeen and join the army.
I’d do something.
Grover was still sniffling.
The poor kid—poor goat, satyr, whatever—
looked as if he expected to be hit.
I said, “It wasn’t your fault.”
“Yes, it was.
I was supposed to protect you.”
“Did my mother ask you to protect me?”
“No.
But that’s my job.
I’m a keeper.
At least…I was.”
“But why…” I suddenly felt dizzy, my vision swimming.
“Don’t strain yourself,” Grover said.
“Here.”
He helped me hold my glass and put the straw to my lips.
I recoiled at the taste, because I was expecting apple juice.
It wasn’t that
at all.
It was chocolate-chip cookies.
Liquid cookies.
And not just any
cookies—my mom’s homemade blue chocolate-chip cookies, buttery and
hot, with the chips still melting.
Drinking it, my whole body felt warm and
good, full of energy.
My grief didn’t go away, but I felt as if my mom had
just brushed her hand against my cheek, given me a cookie the way she used
to when I was small, and told me everything was going to be okay.
Before I knew it, I’d drained the glass.
I stared into it, sure I’d just had a
warm drink, but the ice cubes hadn’t even melted.
“Was it good?”
Grover asked.
I nodded.
“What did it taste like?”
He sounded so wistful, I felt guilty.
“Sorry,” I said.
“I should’ve let you taste.”
His eyes got wide.
“No! That’s not what I meant.
I just…wondered.”

“Chocolate-chip cookies,” I said.
“My mom’s.
Homemade.”
He sighed.
“And how do you feel?”
“Like I could throw Nancy Bobofit a hundred yards.”
“That’s good,” he said.
“That’s good.
I don’t think you could risk
drinking any more of that stuff.”
“What do you mean?”
He took the empty glass from me gingerly, as if it were dynamite, and set
it back on the table.
“Come on.
Chiron and Mr. D are waiting.”
The porch wrapped all the way around the farmhouse.
My legs felt wobbly, trying to walk that far.
Grover offered to carry the
Minotaur horn, but I held on to it.
I’d paid for that souvenir the hard way.
I
wasn’t going to let it go.
As we came around the opposite end of the house, I caught my breath.
We must’ve been on the north shore of Long Island, because on this side
of the house, the valley marched all the way up to the water, which glittered
about a mile in the distance.
Between here and there, I simply couldn’t
process everything I was seeing.
The landscape was dotted with buildings
that looked like ancient Greek architecture—an open-air pavilion, an
amphitheater, a circular arena—except that they all looked brand new, their
white marble columns sparkling in the sun.
In a nearby sandpit, a dozen high
school–age kids and satyrs played volleyball.
Canoes glided across a small
lake.
Kids in bright orange T-shirts like Grover’s were chasing each other
around a cluster of cabins nestled in the woods.
Some shot targets at an
archery range.
Others rode horses down a wooded trail, and, unless I was
hallucinating, some of their horses had wings.

Down at the end of the porch, two men sat across from each other at a
card table.
The blond-haired girl who’d spoon-fed me popcorn-flavored
pudding was leaning on the porch rail next to them.
The man facing me was small, but porky.
He had a red nose, big watery
eyes, and curly hair so black it was almost purple.
He looked like those
paintings of baby angels—what do you call them, hubbubs?
No, cherubs.
That’s it.
He looked like a cherub who’d turned middle-aged in a trailer park.
He wore a tiger-pattern Hawaiian shirt, and he would’ve fit right in at one of
Gabe’s poker parties, except I got the feeling this guy could’ve out-gambled
even my stepfather.
“That’s Mr. D,” Grover murmured to me.
“He’s the camp director.
Be
polite.
The girl, that’s Annabeth Chase.
She’s just a camper, but she’s been
here longer than just about anybody.
And you already know Chiron.…”
He pointed at the guy whose back was to me.
First, I realized he was sitting in the wheelchair.
Then I recognized the
tweed jacket, the thinning brown hair, the scraggly beard.
“Mr. Brunner!”
I cried.
The Latin teacher turned and smiled at me.
His eyes had that mischievous
glint they sometimes got in class when he pulled a pop quiz and made all the
multiple choice answers B.
“Ah, good, Percy,” he said.
“Now we have four for pinochle.”
He offered me a chair to the right of Mr. D, who looked at me with
bloodshot eyes and heaved a great sigh.
“Oh, I suppose I must say it.
Welcome to Camp Half-Blood.
There.
Now, don’t expect me to be glad to
see you.”
“Uh, thanks.”
I scooted a little farther away from him because, if there
was one thing I had learned from living with Gabe, it was how to tell when an

adult has been hitting the happy juice.
If Mr. D was a stranger to alcohol, I
was a satyr.
“Annabeth?”
Mr. Brunner called to the blond girl.
She came forward and Mr. Brunner introduced us.
“This young lady
nursed you back to health, Percy.
Annabeth, my dear, why don’t you go
check on Percy’s bunk?
We’ll be putting him in cabin eleven for now.”
You know your friend Grover is a

satyr.
You know”—he pointed to the horn in the shoe box—“that you have
killed the Minotaur.
No small feat, either, lad.
What you may not know is that
great powers are at work in your life.
Gods—the forces you call the Greek
gods—are very much alive.”
I stared at the others around the table.
I waited for somebody to yell, Not!
But all I got was Mr. D yelling, “Oh,
a royal marriage.
Trick!
Trick!”
He cackled as he tallied up his points.
“Mr. D,” Grover asked timidly, “if you’re not going to eat it, could I have
your Diet Coke can?”
“Eh?
Oh, all right.”
Grover bit a huge shard out of the empty aluminum can and chewed it
mournfully.
“Wait,” I told Chiron.
“You’re telling me there’s such a thing as God.”
“Well, now,” Chiron said.
“God—capital G, God.
That’s a different
matter altogether.
We shan’t deal with the metaphysical.”
“Metaphysical?
But you were just talking about—”
“Ah, gods, plural, as in, great beings that control the forces of nature and
human endeavors: the immortal gods of Olympus.
That’s a smaller matter.”
“Smaller?”
“Yes, quite.
It was enough to put a lump in my throat,
to suggest why Grover was dutifully minding his cards, chewing his soda
can, and keeping his mouth shut.
“Percy,” Chiron said, “you may choose to believe or not, but the fact is
that immortal means immortal.
Can you imagine that for a moment, never
dying?
Never fading?
Existing, just as you are, for all time?”
I was about to answer, off the top of my head, that it sounded like a pretty
good deal, but the tone of Chiron’s voice made me hesitate.
“You mean, whether people believed in you or not,” I said.
“Exactly,” Chiron agreed.
“If you were a god, how would you like being
called a myth, an old story to explain lightning?
What if I told you, Perseus
Jackson, that someday people would call you a myth, just created to explain
how little boys can get over losing their mothers?”
My heart pounded.
He was trying to make me angry for some reason, but
I wasn’t going to let him.
I said, “I wouldn’t like it.
But I don’t believe in
gods.”
“Oh, you’d better,” Mr. D murmured.
“Before one of them incinerates
you.”
Grover said, “P-please, sir.
He’s just lost his mother.
He’s in shock.”

“A lucky thing, too,” Mr. D grumbled, playing a card.
“Bad enough I’m
confined to this miserable job, working with boys who don’t even believe!”
He waved his hand and a goblet appeared on the table, as if the sunlight
had bent, momentarily, and woven the air into glass.
The goblet filled itself
with red wine.
My jaw dropped, but Chiron hardly looked up.
“Mr. D,” he warned, “your restrictions.”
Mr. D looked at the wine and feigned surprise.
“Dear me.”
He looked at the sky and yelled, “Old habits!
Sorry!”
More thunder.
Mr. D waved his hand again, and the wineglass changed into a fresh can
of Diet Coke.
He sighed unhappily, popped the top of the soda, and went
back to his card game.
Chiron winked at me.
“Mr. D offended his father a while back, took a
fancy to a wood nymph who had been declared off-limits.”
“A wood nymph,” I repeated, still staring at the Diet Coke can like it was
from outer space.
“Yes,” Mr. D confessed.
“Father loves to punish me.
The first time,
Prohibition.
Ghastly!
Absolutely horrid ten years!
The second time—well,
she really was pretty, and I couldn’t stay away—the second time, he sent me
here.
Half-Blood Hill.
Summer camp for brats like you.
‘Be a better
influence,’ he told me.
‘Work with youths rather than tearing them down.’
Ha!
Absolutely unfair.”
Mr. D sounded about six years old, like a pouting little kid.
“And…” I stammered, “your father is…”
“Di immortales, Chiron,” Mr. D said.
“I thought you taught this boy the

basics.
“What do they say, these days, Grover?
Do the
children say, ‘Well, duh!’?”
“Y-yes, Mr. D.”
“Then, well, duh! Percy Jackson.
Did you think I was Aphrodite,
perhaps?”
“You’re a god.”
“Yes, child.”
“A god.
You.”
He turned to look at me straight on, and I saw a kind of purplish fire in
his eyes, a hint that this whiny, plump little man was only showing me the
tiniest bit of his true nature.
I saw visions of grape vines choking unbelievers
to death, drunken warriors insane with battle lust, sailors screaming as their
hands turned to flippers, their faces elongating into dolphin snouts.
I knew
that if I pushed him, Mr. D would show me worse things.
He would plant a
disease in my brain that would leave me wearing a straitjacket in a rubber
room for the rest of my life.
“Would you like to test me, child?”
he said quietly.
“No. No, sir.”
The fire died a little.
He turned back to his card game.
“I believe I win.”
“Not quite, Mr. D,” Chiron said.
He set down a straight, tallied the points,
and said, “The game goes to me.”
I thought Mr. D was going to vaporize Chiron right out of his wheelchair,
but he just sighed through his nose, as if he were used to being beaten by the
Latin teacher.
He got up, and Grover rose, too.
“I’m tired,” Mr. D said.
“I believe I’ll take a nap before the sing-along
tonight.
But first, Grover, we need to talk, again, about your less-than-perfect
performance on this assignment.”
Grover’s face beaded with sweat.
“Y-yes, sir.”
Mr. D turned to me.
“Cabin eleven, Percy Jackson.
And mind your
manners.”
He swept into the farmhouse, Grover following miserably.
“Will Grover be okay?”
I asked Chiron.
Chiron nodded, though he looked a bit troubled.
“Old Dionysus isn’t
really mad.
He just hates his job.
He’s been…ah, grounded, I guess you
would say, and he can’t stand waiting another century before he’s allowed to
go back to Olympus.”
“Mount Olympus,” I said.
“You’re telling me there really is a palace
there?”
“Well now, there’s Mount Olympus in Greece.
And then there’s the home
of the gods, the convergence point of their powers, which did indeed used to
be on Mount Olympus.
It’s still called Mount Olympus, out of respect to the
old ways, but the palace moves, Percy, just as the gods do.”
“You mean the Greek gods are here?
Like…in America?”
“Well, certainly.
The gods move with the heart of the West.”
“The what?”
“Come now, Percy.
What you call ‘Western civilization.’
Do you think
it’s just an abstract concept?
No, it’s a living force.
A collective

consciousness that has burned bright for thousands of years.
The gods are
part of it.
You might even say they are the source of it, or at least, they are
tied so tightly to it that they couldn’t possibly fade, not unless all of Western
civilization were obliterated.
The fire started in Greece.
Then, as you well
know—or as I hope you know, since you passed my course—the heart of the
fire moved to Rome, and so did the gods.
I
wondered if Grover could work that kind of magic with music.
I wondered if
he was still inside the farmhouse, getting chewed out by Mr. D.
“Grover won’t get in too much trouble, will he?”
I asked Chiron.
“I
mean…he was a good protector.
Really.”
Chiron sighed.
He shed his tweed jacket and draped it over his horse’s
back like a saddle.
“Grover has big dreams, Percy.
Perhaps bigger than are
reasonable.
To reach his goal, he must first demonstrate great courage by
succeeding as a keeper, finding a new camper and bringing him safely to
Half-Blood Hill.”
“But he did that!”

“I might agree with you,” Chiron said.
“But it is not my place to judge.
Dionysus and the Council of Cloven Elders must decide.
I’m afraid they
might not see this assignment as a success.
After all, Grover lost you in New
York.
Then there’s the unfortunate…ah…fate of your mother.
And the fact
that Grover was unconscious when you dragged him over the property line.
The council might question whether this shows any courage on Grover’s
part.”
I wanted to protest.
None of what happened was Grover’s fault.
I also felt
really, really guilty.
If I hadn’t given Grover the slip at the bus station, he
might not have gotten in trouble.
“He’ll get a second chance, won’t he?”
Chiron winced.
“I’m afraid that was Grover’s second chance, Percy.
The
council was not anxious to give him another, either, after what happened the
first time, five years ago.
Olympus knows, I advised him to wait longer
before trying again.
He’s still so small for his age.…”
“How old is he?”
“Oh, twenty-eight.”
“What!
And he’s in sixth grade?”
“Satyrs mature half as fast as humans, Percy.
Grover has been the
equivalent of a middle school student for the past six years.”
“That’s horrible.”
“Quite,” Chiron agreed.
“At any rate, Grover is a late bloomer, even by
satyr standards, and not yet very accomplished at woodland magic.
Alas, he
was anxious to pursue his dream.
Perhaps now he will find some other career.
…”
“That’s not fair,” I said.
“What happened the first time?
Was it really so
bad?”

Chiron looked away quickly.
“Let’s move along, shall we?”
But I wasn’t quite ready to let the subject drop.
Something had occurred
to me when Chiron talked about my mother’s fate, as if he were intentionally
avoiding the word death.
The beginnings of an idea—a tiny, hopeful fire—
started forming in my mind.
“Chiron,” I said.
“If the gods and Olympus and all that are real…”
“Yes, child?”
“Does that mean the Underworld is real, too?”
Chiron’s expression darkened.
“Yes, child.”
He paused, as if choosing his words carefully.
“There is a
place where spirits go after death.
But for now…until we know more…I
would urge you to put that out of your mind.”
“What do you mean, ‘until we know more’?”
“Come, Percy.
Let’s see the woods.”
As we got closer, I realized how huge the forest was.
It took up at least a
quarter of the valley, with trees so tall and thick, you could imagine nobody
had been in there since the Native Americans.
Chiron said, “The woods are stocked, if you care to try your luck, but go
armed.”
“Stocked with what?”
I asked.
“Armed with what?”
“You’ll see.
Capture the flag is Friday night.
Do you have your own
sword and shield?”
“My own—?”
“No,” Chiron said.
“I don’t suppose you do.
I think a size five will do.
I’ll
visit the armory later.”
I wanted to ask what kind of summer camp had an armory, but there was
too much else to think about, so the tour continued.
We saw the archery
range, the canoeing lake, the stables (which Chiron didn’t seem to like very
much), the javelin range, the sing-along amphitheater, and the arena where
Chiron said they held sword and spear fights.
“Sword and spear fights?”
I asked.
“Cabin challenges and all that,” he explained.
“Not lethal.
Usually.
Oh,
yes, and there’s the mess hall.”
Chiron pointed to an outdoor pavilion framed in white Grecian columns
on a hill overlooking the sea.
There were a dozen stone picnic tables.
No
roof.
No walls.
“What do you do when it rains?”
I asked.
Chiron looked at me as if I’d gone a little weird.
“We still have to eat,
don’t we?”
I decided to drop the subject.
Finally, he showed me the cabins.
There were twelve of them, nestled in
the woods by the lake.
They were arranged in a U, with two at the base and
five in a row on either side.
And they were without doubt the most bizarre
collection of buildings I’d ever seen.
Except for the fact that each had a large brass number above the door
(odds on the left side, evens on the right), they looked absolutely nothing
alike.
Number nine had smokestacks, like a tiny factory.
Number four had
tomato vines on the walls and a roof made out of real grass.
Seven seemed to
be made of solid gold, which gleamed so much in the sunlight it was almost
impossible to look at.
They all faced a commons area about the size of a
soccer field, dotted with Greek statues, fountains, flower beds, and a couple
of basketball hoops (which were more my speed).
In the center of the field was a huge stone-lined firepit.
Even though it

was a warm afternoon, the hearth smoldered.
A girl about nine years old was
tending the flames, poking the coals with a stick.
The pair of cabins at the head of the field, numbers one and two, looked
like his-and-hers mausoleums, big white marble boxes with heavy columns in
front.
Cabin one was the biggest and bulkiest of the twelve.
Its polished
bronze doors shimmered like a hologram, so that from different angles
lightning bolts seemed to streak across them.
Cabin two was more graceful
somehow, with slimmer columns garlanded with pomegranates and flowers.
The walls were carved with images of peacocks.
Back at my old school, I overheard Grover and Chiron
talking about it.
Grover mentioned the summer solstice.
He said something
like we didn’t have much time, because of the deadline.
What did that
mean?”
She clenched her fists.
“I wish I knew.
Chiron and the satyrs, they know,
but they won’t tell me.
Something is wrong in Olympus, something pretty
major.
Last time I was there, everything seemed so normal.”
“But I wonder what Percy could do with a
balanced sword.…”

Friday afternoon, I was sitting with Grover at the lake, resting from a neardeath experience on the climbing wall.
Grover had scampered to the top like
a mountain goat, but the lava had almost gotten me.
My shirt had smoking
holes in it.
The hairs had been singed off my forearms.
We sat on the pier, watching the naiads do underwater basket-weaving,
until I got up the nerve to ask Grover how his conversation had gone with
Mr. D.
His face turned a sickly shade of yellow.
“Fine,” he said.
“Just great.”
“So your career’s still on track?”
He glanced at me nervously.
“Chiron t-told you I want a searcher’s
license?”
“Well…no.”
I had no idea what a searcher’s license was, but it didn’t
seem like the right time to ask.
“He just said you had big plans, you know…
and that you needed credit for completing a keeper’s assignment.
So did you

get it?”
Grover looked down at the naiads.
“Mr. D suspended judgment.
He said I
hadn’t failed or succeeded with you yet, so our fates were still tied together.
If you got a quest and I went along to protect you, and we both came back
alive, then maybe he’d consider the job complete.”
My spirits lifted.
“Well, that’s not so bad, right?”
“Blaa-ha-ha!
He might as well have transferred me to stable-cleaning
duty.
The chances of you getting a quest…and even if you did, why would
you want me along?”
“Of course I’d want you along!”
Grover stared glumly into the water.
“Basket-weaving…Must be nice to
have a useful skill.”
I tried to reassure him that he had lots of talents, but that just made him
look more miserable.
We talked about canoeing and swordplay for a while,
then debated the pros and cons of the different gods.
Finally, I asked him
about the four empty cabins.
“Number eight, the silver one, belongs to Artemis,” he said.
“She vowed
to be a maiden forever.
So of course, no kids.
The cabin is, you know,
honorary.
If she didn’t have one, she’d be mad.”
“Yeah, okay.
But the other three, the ones at the end.
Are those the Big
Three?”
Grover tensed.
We were getting close to a touchy subject.
“No. One of
them, number two, is Hera’s,” he said.
“That’s another honorary thing.
She’s
the goddess of marriage, so of course she wouldn’t go around having affairs
with mortals.
That’s her husband’s job.
When we say the Big Three, we mean
the three powerful brothers, the sons of Kronos.”
“Zeus, Poseidon, Hades.”
“Right.
You know.
After the great battle with the Titans, they took over
the world from their dad and drew lots to decide who got what.”
Grover’s face darkened.
I asked Grover if we needed
an umbrella.
“No,” he said.
“It never rains here unless we want it to.”
I pointed at the storm.
“What the heck is that, then?”
He glanced uneasily at the sky.
“It’ll pass around us.
Bad weather always
does.”
I realized he was right.
In the week I’d been here, it had never even been
overcast.
The few rain clouds I’d seen had skirted right around the edges of
the valley.
But this storm…this one was huge.
At the volleyball pit, the kids from Apollo’s cabin were playing a
morning game against the satyrs.
Dionysus’s twins were walking around in
the strawberry fields, making the plants grow.
Everybody was going about
their normal business, but they looked tense.
They kept their eyes on the
storm.
Grover and I walked up to the front porch of the Big House.
Dionysus sat
at the pinochle table in his tiger-striped Hawaiian shirt with his Diet Coke,
just as he had on my first day.
Chiron sat across the table in his fake
wheelchair.
They were playing against invisible opponents—two sets of
cards hovering in the air.
“Well, well,” Mr. D said without looking up.
“Our little celebrity.”

I waited.
“Come closer,” Mr. D said.
“And don’t expect me to kowtow to you,
mortal, just because old Barnacle-Beard is your father.”
A net of lightning flashed across the clouds.
Thunder shook the windows
of the house.
“Blah, blah, blah,” Dionysus said.
Chiron feigned interest in his pinochle cards.
Grover cowered by the
railing, his hooves clopping back and forth.
“If I had my way,” Dionysus said, “I would cause your molecules to erupt
in flames.
We’d sweep up the ashes and be done with a lot of trouble.
But
Chiron seems to feel this would be against my mission at this cursed camp: to
keep you little brats safe from harm.”
“Spontaneous combustion is a form of harm, Mr. D,” Chiron put in.
“Nonsense,” Dionysus said.
“Boy wouldn’t feel a thing.
Nevertheless, I’ve agreed to restrain myself.
I’m thinking of turning you
into a dolphin instead, sending you back to your father.”
“Mr. D—” Chiron warned.
“Oh, all right,” Dionysus relented.
“There’s one more option.
But it’s
deadly foolishness.”
Dionysus rose, and the invisible players’ cards dropped
to the table.
“I’m off to Olympus for the emergency meeting.
If the boy is
still here when I get back, I’ll turn him into an Atlantic bottlenose.
Do you
understand?
And Perseus Jackson, if you’re at all smart, you’ll see that’s a
much more sensible choice than what Chiron feels you must do.”
Dionysus picked up a playing card, twisted it, and it became a plastic
rectangle.
A credit card?
No.
A security pass.
He snapped his fingers.
The air seemed to fold and bend around him.
He became a hologram, then
a wind, then he was gone, leaving only the smell of fresh-pressed grapes
lingering behind.
Chiron smiled at me, but he looked tired and strained.
“Sit, Percy, please.
And Grover.”
We did.
Chiron laid his cards on the table, a winning hand he hadn’t gotten to use.
“Tell me, Percy,” he said.
“What did you make of the hellhound?”
Just hearing the name made me shudder.
Chiron probably wanted me to say, Heck, it was nothing.
I eat hellhounds
for breakfast.
But I didn’t feel like lying.
“It scared me,” I said.
“If you hadn’t shot it, I’d be dead.”
“You’ll meet worse, Percy.
Far worse, before you’re done.”
“Done…with what?”
“Your quest, of course.
Will you accept it?”
I glanced at Grover, who was crossing his fingers.
“Um, sir,” I said, “you haven’t told me what it is yet.”
Chiron grimaced.
“Well, that’s the hard part, the details.”
Thunder rumbled across the valley.
The storm clouds had now reached
the edge of the beach.
As far as I could see, the sky and the sea were boiling
together.
And…I’ve
also been having these dreams.”
“I knew it,” Grover said.
“Hush, satyr,” Chiron ordered.
“But it is his quest!”
Grover’s eyes were bright with excitement.
“It must
be!”
“Only the Oracle can determine.”
Chiron stroked his bristly beard.
“Nevertheless, Percy, you are correct.
The clouds didn’t seem
to be parting around us, as Grover had promised.
They were rolling straight

over our valley, sealing us in like a coffin lid.
“Er, Percy…?”
Grover said.
“We don’t use the c-word to describe the
Lord of the Sky.”
“Perhaps paranoid,” Chiron suggested.
“I knew it,” Grover said.
Chiron didn’t look satisfied.
“Anything else?”
I didn’t want to tell him.
What friend would betray me?
I didn’t have that many.
And the last line—I would fail to save what mattered most.
What kind of
Oracle would send me on a quest and tell me, Oh, by the way, you’ll fail.
How could I confess that?
“No,” I said.
“That’s about it.”
He studied my face.
“Very well, Percy.
But know this: the Oracle’s words
often have double meanings.
Don’t dwell on them too much.
The truth is not
always clear until events come to pass.”
I got the feeling he knew I was holding back something bad, and he was
trying to make me feel better.
“Okay,” I said, anxious to change topics.
“So where do I go?
Who’s this
god in the west?”
“Ah, think, Percy,” Chiron said.
A scrap of aluminum dribbled out of Grover’s mouth.
“Whoa, wait.
Whwhat?”
“A Fury came after Percy,” Chiron reminded him.
“She watched the
young man until she was sure of his identity, then tried to kill him.
Furies
obey only one lord: Hades.”
“Yes, but—but Hades hates all heroes,” Grover protested.
“Especially if
he has found out Percy is a son of Poseidon.…”
“A hellhound got into the forest,” Chiron continued.
“Those can only be
summoned from the Fields of Punishment, and it had to be summoned by
someone within the camp.
Hades must have a spy here.
I decided to leave the Minotaur horn in my
cabin, which left me only an extra change of clothes and a toothbrush to stuff
in a backpack Grover had found for me.
The camp store loaned me one hundred dollars in mortal money and
twenty golden drachmas.
These coins were as big as Girl Scout cookies and
had images of various Greek gods stamped on one side and the Empire State
Building on the other.
The ancient mortal drachmas had been silver, Chiron
told us, but Olympians never used less than pure gold.
Chiron said the coins
might come in handy for non-mortal transactions—whatever that meant.
According to Grover,
the guy was the camp’s head of security.
He supposedly had eyes all over his
body so he could never be surprised.
Today, though, he was wearing a
chauffeur’s uniform, so I could only see extra peepers on his hands, face and
neck.
“This is Argus,” Chiron told me.
“He will drive you into the city, and, er,
well, keep an eye on things.”
I heard footsteps behind us.
Grover said.
It felt
weird to be on a highway again, Annabeth and Grover sitting next to me as if
we were normal carpoolers.
After two weeks at Half-Blood Hill, the real
world seemed like a fantasy.
I found myself staring at every McDonald’s,
every kid in the back of his parents’ car, every billboard and shopping mall.
You were thinking about your mom and your stepdad, right?”
I nodded, wondering what else Grover might’ve forgotten to tell me.
“Your mom married Gabe for you,” Grover told me.
“You call him
‘Smelly,’ but you’ve got no idea.
The guy has this aura.…Yuck.
I can smell
him from here.
I can smell traces of him on you, and you haven’t been near
him for a week.”
“Thanks,” I said.
“Where’s the nearest shower?”
“You should be grateful, Percy.
Your stepfather smells so repulsively
human he could mask the presence of any demigod.
As soon as I took a whiff
inside his Camaro, I knew: Gabe has been covering your scent for years.
If
you hadn’t lived with him every summer, you probably would’ve been found
by monsters a long time ago.
Your mom stayed with him to protect you.
She
was a smart lady.
She must’ve loved you a lot to put up with that guy—if that
makes you feel any better.”
It didn’t, but I forced myself not to show it.
I’ll see her again, I thought.
She isn’t gone.
I wondered if Grover could still read my emotions, mixed up as they
were.
The game ended when I tossed the apple toward Grover and it got too
close to his mouth.
In one mega goat bite, our Hacky Sack disappeared—
core, stem, and all.
Grover blushed.
As we stood in line to board, Grover started looking
around, sniffing the air like he smelled his favorite school cafeteria delicacy
—enchiladas.
“What is it?”
I asked.
“I don’t know,” he said tensely.
“Maybe it’s nothing.”
But I could tell it wasn’t nothing.
I started looking over my shoulder, too.
I was relieved when we finally got on board and found seats together in
the back of the bus.
We stowed our backpacks.
Annabeth kept slapping her
Yankees cap nervously against her thigh.
“I can’t just leave you.”
“Don’t worry about us,” Grover said.
“Go!”
My hands trembled.
I felt like a coward, but I took the Yankees cap and
put it on.
When I looked down, my body wasn’t there anymore.
I started creeping up the aisle.
I managed to get up ten rows, then duck
into an empty seat just as the Furies walked past.
Mrs. Dodds stopped, sniffing, and looked straight at me.
My heart was
pounding.
Apparently she didn’t see anything.
She and her sisters kept going.
I was free.
I made it to the front of the bus.
We were almost through the
Lincoln Tunnel now.
I was about to press the emergency stop button when I
heard hideous wailing from the back row.
The old ladies were not old ladies anymore.
Their faces were still the
same—I guess those couldn’t get any uglier—but their bodies had shriveled
into leathery brown hag bodies with bat’s wings and hands and feet like
gargoyle claws.
Their handbags had turned into fiery whips.
Annabeth and Grover moved up behind the Furies cautiously, looking for
an opening.
I took the ballpoint pen out of my pocket and uncapped it.
Riptide
elongated into a shimmering double-edged sword.
The Furies hesitated.
Mrs. Dodds had felt Riptide’s blade before.
She obviously didn’t like
seeing it again.
“Submit now,” she hissed.
“And you will not suffer eternal torment.”
“Nice try,” I told her.
“Percy, look out!”
Annabeth cried.
Mrs. Dodds lashed her whip around my sword hand while the Furies on
the either side lunged at me.
My hand felt like it was wrapped in molten lead, but I managed not to
drop Riptide.
I stuck the Fury on the left with its hilt, sending her toppling
backward into a seat.
I turned and sliced the Fury on the right.
As soon as the
blade connected with her neck, she screamed and exploded into dust.
Annabeth got Mrs. Dodds in a wrestler’s hold and yanked her backward
while Grover ripped the whip out of her hands.
“Ow!”
he yelled.
“Ow! Hot!
Hot!”
The Fury I’d hilt-slammed came at me again, talons ready, but I swung
Riptide and she broke open like a piñata.
She kicked, clawed,
hissed and bit, but Annabeth held on while Grover got Mrs. Dodds’s legs tied
up in her own whip.
Finally they both shoved her backward into the aisle.
Mrs. Dodds tried to get up, but she didn’t have room to flap her bat wings, so
she kept falling down.
So there we were, Annabeth and Grover and I, walking through the
woods along the New Jersey riverbank, the glow of New York City making
the night sky yellow behind us, and the smell of the Hudson reeking in our
noses.
Grover was shivering and braying, his big goat eyes turned slit-pupiled
and full of terror.
“Three Kindly Ones.
All three at once.”
I was pretty much in shock myself.
The explosion of bus windows still
rang in my ears.
But Annabeth kept pulling us along, saying: “Come on!
The
farther away we get, the better.”
“All our money was back there,” I reminded her.
“Our food and clothes.
Everything.”
“Well, maybe if you hadn’t decided to jump into the fight—”
“What did you want me to do?
Let you get killed?”
“You didn’t need to protect me, Percy.
I would’ve been fine.”
Grover said.
“This place is weird.”
We ignored him.
The front lot was a forest of statues: cement animals, cement children,
even a cement satyr playing the pipes, which gave Grover the creeps.
“Bla-ha-ha!” he bleated.
“Looks like my Uncle Ferdinand!”
We stopped at the warehouse door.
“Don’t knock,” Grover pleaded.
“I smell monsters.”
“Your nose is clogged up from the Furies,” Annabeth told him.
“All I
smell is burgers.
Aren’t you hungry?”
“Meat!”
he said scornfully.
“I’m a vegetarian.”
“You eat cheese enchiladas and aluminum cans,” I reminded him.
“Those are vegetables.
Come on.
Let’s leave.
These statues are…looking
at me.”
Then the door creaked open, and standing in front of us was a tall Middle
Eastern woman—at least, I assumed she was Middle Eastern, because she
wore a long black gown that covered everything but her hands, and her head
was completely veiled.
Her eyes glinted behind a curtain of black gauze, but
that was about all I could make out.
Her coffee-colored hands looked old, but
well-manicured and elegant, so I imagined she was a grandmother who had
once been a beautiful lady.
Her accent sounded vaguely Middle Eastern, too.
She said, “Children, it
is too late to be out all alone.
Where are your parents?”
“They’re…um…” Annabeth started to say.
“We’re orphans,” I said.
“Orphans?”
the woman said.
The word sounded alien in her mouth.
“But,
my dears!
Surely not!”
“We got separated from our caravan,” I said.
“Our circus caravan.
The
ringmaster told us to meet him at the gas station if we got lost, but he may
have forgotten, or maybe he meant a different gas station.
Anyway, we’re
lost.
Is that food I smell?”
“Oh, my dears,” the woman said.
“You must come in, poor children.
I am
Aunty Em.
Go straight through to the back of the warehouse, please.
There is
a dining area.”
We thanked her and went inside.
Annabeth muttered to me, “Circus caravan?”
“Always have a strategy, right?”

“Your head is full of kelp.”
The warehouse was filled with more statues—people in all different
poses, wearing all different outfits and with different expressions on their
faces.
I was thinking you’d have to have a pretty huge garden to fit even one
of these statues, because they were all life-size.
But mostly, I was thinking
about food.
Go ahead, call me an idiot for walking into a strange lady’s shop like that
just because I was hungry, but I do impulsive stuff sometimes.
Plus, you’ve
never smelled Aunty Em’s burgers.
The aroma was like laughing gas in the
dentist’s chair—it made everything else go away.
I barely noticed Grover’s
nervous whimpers, or the way the statues’ eyes seemed to follow me, or the
fact that Aunty Em had locked the door behind us.
All I cared about was finding the dining area.
And sure enough, there it
was at the back of the warehouse, a fast-food counter with a grill, a soda
fountain, a pretzel heater, and a nacho cheese dispenser.
Everything you
could want, plus a few steel picnic tables out front.
“Please, sit down,” Aunty Em said.
“Awesome,” I said.
“Um,” Grover said reluctantly, “we don’t have any money, ma’am.”
Before I could jab him in the ribs, Aunty Em said, “No, no, children.
No
money.
This is a special case, yes?
It is my treat, for such nice orphans.”
You
have keen ears, Grover.”
“I take vitamins.
For my ears.”
“That’s admirable,” she said.
“But please, relax.”
Aunty Em ate nothing.
She hadn’t taken off her headdress, even to cook,
and now she sat forward and interlaced her fingers and watched us eat.
It was
a little unsettling, having someone stare at me when I couldn’t see her face,
but I was feeling satisfied after the burger, and a little sleepy, and I figured
the least I could do was try to make small talk with our hostess.
“So, you sell gnomes,” I said, trying to sound interested.
“Oh, yes,” Aunty Em said.
“And animals.
And people.
Anything for the
garden.
Custom orders.
Statuary is very popular, you know.”
“A lot of business on this road?”
“Not so much, no.
Since the highway was built…most cars, they do not
go this way now.
I must cherish every customer I get.”
My neck tingled, as if somebody else was looking at me.
I turned, but it

was just a statue of a young girl holding an Easter basket.
The detail was
incredible, much better than you see in most garden statues.
But something
was wrong with her face.
It looked as if she were startled, or even terrified.
“Ah,” Aunty Em said sadly.
“You notice some of my creations do not
turn out well.
They are marred.
They do not sell.
The face is the hardest to get
right.
Always the face.”
“You make these statues yourself ?”
I asked.
“Oh, yes.
Once upon a time, I had two sisters to help me in the business,
but they have passed on, and
Aunty Em is alone.
I have only my statues.
This
is why I make them, you see.
They are my company.”
The sadness in her
voice sounded so deep and so real that I couldn’t help feeling sorry for her.
Her invisible hands pushed Grover and me both
off the bench.
I was on the ground, looking at Aunt Em’s sandaled feet.
I turned, and there he was in the night sky, flying in from twelve o’clock
with his winged shoes fluttering, Grover, holding a tree branch the size of a
baseball bat.
His eyes were shut tight, his head twitched from side to side.
He
was navigating by ears and nose alone.
“Duck!”
he yelled again.
“I’ll get her!”
That finally jolted me into action.
Knowing Grover, I was sure he’d miss
Medusa and nail me.
I dove to one side.
Thwack!
At first I figured it was the sound of Grover hitting a tree.
Then Medusa
roared with rage.
“You miserable satyr,” she snarled.
“I’ll add you to my collection!”
“That was for Uncle Ferdinand!”
Grover yelled back.
I scrambled away and hid in the statuary while Grover swooped down for

another pass.
Ker-whack!
“Arrgh!”
Medusa yelled, her snake-hair hissing and spitting.
From the cement grizzly, Grover moaned, “Percy, don’t listen to her!”
Medusa cackled.
“Too late.”
She lunged at me with her talons.
I slashed up with my sword, heard a sickening shlock!, then a hiss like
wind rushing out of a cavern—the sound of a monster disintegrating.
Something fell to the ground next to my foot.
It took all my willpower not
to look.
I could feel warm ooze soaking into my sock, little dying snake
heads tugging at my shoelaces.
“Oh, yuck,” Grover said.
His eyes were still tightly closed, but I guess he
could hear the thing gurgling and steaming.
“Mega-yuck.”
Annabeth came up next to me, her eyes fixed on the sky.
She was holding
Medusa’s black veil.
She said, “Don’t move.”
Very, very carefully, without looking down, she knelt and draped the
monster’s head in black cloth, then picked it up.
It was still dripping green
juice.
“Are you okay?”
she asked me, her voice trembling.
“Yeah,” I decided, though I felt like throwing up my double
cheeseburger.
“Why didn’t…why didn’t the head evaporate?”
“Once you sever it, it becomes a spoil of war,” she said.
“Same as your
minotaur horn.
But don’t unwrap the head.
It can still petrify you.”
Grover moaned as he climbed down from the grizzly statue.
He had a big
welt on his forehead.
His green rasta cap hung from one of his little goat
horns, and his fake feet had been knocked off his hooves.
The magic sneakers
were flying aimlessly around his head.
“The Red Baron,” I said.
“Good job, man.”
He managed a bashful grin.
“That really was not fun, though.
Well, the

hitting-her-with-a-stick part, that was fun.
But crashing into a concrete bear?
Not fun.”
He snatched his shoes out of the air.
I recapped my sword.
Together, the
three of us stumbled back to the warehouse.
We found some old plastic grocery bags behind the snack counter and
double-wrapped Medusa’s head.
We plopped it on the table where we’d eaten
dinner and sat around it, too exhausted to speak.
Finally I said, “So we have Athena to thank for this monster?”
Annabeth flashed me an irritated look.
“Your dad, actually.
Don’t you
remember?
Medusa was Poseidon’s girlfriend.
They decided to meet in my
mother’s temple.
That’s why Athena turned her into a monster.
Medusa and
her two sisters who had helped her get into the temple, they became the three
gorgons.
That’s why Medusa wanted to slice me up, but she wanted to
preserve you as a nice statue.
She’s still sweet on your dad.
You probably
reminded her of him.”
My face was burning.
“Oh, so now it’s my fault we met Medusa.”
She wasn’t…I mean, your first
assignment that went wrong—”

“I can’t talk about it,” Grover said, and his quivering lower lip suggested
he’d start crying if I pressed him.
I’m getting blamed for stealing a thunderbolt that Hades
took.”
“That’s not what I mean,” Grover said.
“The Fur—The Kindly Ones were
sort of holding back.
Like Mrs. Dodds at Yancy Academy…why did she wait
so long to try to kill you?
Then on the bus, they just weren’t as aggressive as
they could’ve been.”
“They seemed plenty aggressive to me.”
Grover shook his head.
“They were screeching at us: ‘Where is it?
Where?’”
“Asking about me,” I said.
Grover explained that he’d come across Gladiola in the woods and they’d

struck up a conversation.
The poodle had run away from a rich local family,
who’d posted a $200 reward for his return.
Gladiola didn’t really want to go
back to his family, but he was willing to if it meant helping Grover.
“How does Gladiola know about the reward?”
I asked.
“He read the signs,” Grover said.
“Duh.”
“Of course,” I said.
“Silly me.”
I thought about what
Grover had told me, that the Furies on the bus seemed to have been looking
for something.
Where is it?
Where?
Maybe Grover sensed my emotions.
He snorted in his sleep, muttered
something about vegetables, and turned his head.
Grover stretched.
Annabeth and Grover exchanged looks.
“We don’t,” Grover said.
“Thanks, that makes me feel a lot better,” I said.
“Got any blue jelly
beans left?”
I’d almost mastered my jumpy nerves when I saw the tiny little elevator
car we were going to ride to the top of the Arch, and I knew I was in trouble.
I hate confined places.
They make me nuts.
We got shoehorned into the car with this big fat lady and her dog, a
Chihuahua with a rhinestone collar.
I figured maybe the dog was a seeing-eye
Chihuahua, because none of the guards said a word about it.
We started going up, inside the Arch.
I’d never been in an elevator that
went in a curve, and my stomach wasn’t too happy about it.
“No parents?”
the fat lady asked us.
She had beady eyes; pointy, coffee-stained teeth; a floppy denim hat, and
a denim dress that bulged so much, she looked like a blue-jean blimp.
I hoped Annabeth and Grover were okay.
I tried to push through the crowd to see what was going on inside the
police line.
“…an adolescent boy,” another reporter was saying.
“Channel Five has
learned that surveillance cameras show an adolescent boy going wild on the
observation deck, somehow setting off this freak explosion.
Hard to believe,
John, but that’s what we’re hearing.
Again, no confirmed fatalities…”
I backed away, trying to keep my head down.
I had to go a long way
around the police perimeter.
Uniformed officers and news reporters were
everywhere.
I’d almost lost hope of ever finding Annabeth and Grover when a familiar
voice bleated, “Perrr-cy!”
I turned and got tackled by Grover’s bear hug—or goat hug.
He said, “We
thought you’d gone to Hades the hard way!”
Annabeth stood behind him, trying to look angry, but even she seemed
relieved to see me.
“We can’t leave you alone for five minutes!
What
happened?”
“I sort of fell.”
“Percy!
Six hundred and thirty feet?”
Behind us, a cop shouted, “Gangway!”
The crowd parted, and a couple of
paramedics hustled out, rolling a woman on a stretcher.
I recognized her
immediately as the mother of the little boy who’d been on the observation
deck.
She was saying, “And then this huge dog, this huge fire-breathing
Chihuahua—”
“Okay, ma’am,” the paramedic said.
“Just calm down.
Your family is
fine.
The medication is starting to kick in.”
“I’m not crazy!
This boy jumped out of the hole and the monster
disappeared.”
Then she saw me.
“There he is!
That’s the boy!”

I turned quickly and pulled Annabeth and Grover after me.
We
disappeared into the crowd.
“What’s going on?”
Annabeth demanded.
“Was she talking about the
Chihuahua on the elevator?”
I told them the whole story of the Chimera, Echidna, my high-dive act,
and the underwater lady’s message.
“Whoa,” said Grover.
“We’ve got to get you to Santa Monica!
You can’t
ignore a summons from your dad.”
I asked, as Grover took out the spray gun.
“It’s seventy-five cents,” he grumbled.
“I’ve only got two quarters left.
Annabeth?”

“Don’t look at me,” she said.
“The dining car wiped me out.”
I fished out my last bit of change and passed Grover a quarter, which left
me two nickels and one drachma from Medusa’s place.
“Excellent,” Grover said.
“We could do it with a spray bottle, of course,
but the connection isn’t as good, and my arm gets tired of pumping.”
“What are you talking about?”
He fed in the quarters and set the knob to FINE MIST.
“I-M’ing.”
“Instant messaging?”
“Iris-messaging,” Annabeth corrected.
“The rainbow goddess Iris carries
messages for the gods.
If you know how to ask, and she’s not too busy, she’ll
do the same for half-bloods.”
“You summon the goddess with a spray gun?”
Grover pointed the nozzle in the air and water hissed out in a thick white
mist.
“Unless you know an easier way to make a rainbow.”
Sure enough, late afternoon light filtered through the vapor and broke into
colors.
Annabeth held her palm out to me.
“Drachma, please.”
I handed it over.
She raised the coin over her head.
“O goddess, accept our offering.”
She threw the drachma into the rainbow.
It disappeared in a golden
shimmer.
“Half-Blood Hill,” Annabeth requested.
For a moment, nothing happened.
Then I was looking through the mist at strawberry fields, and the Long
Island Sound in the distance.
We seemed to be on the porch of the Big House.
Standing with his back to us at the railing was a sandy-haired guy in shorts

and an orange tank top.
He was holding a bronze sword and seemed to be
staring intently at something down in the meadow.
Is Grover all
right?”
“I’m right here,” Grover called.
Grover said.
“But—”
“Give Percy the nozzle and come on!”
she ordered.
Grover muttered something about girls being harder to understand than
the Oracle at Delphi, then he handed me the spray gun and followed

Annabeth.
Annabeth and Grover came around the corner, laughing, but stopped
when they saw my face.
Annabeth’s smile faded.
I might’ve thought the conversation
had been a dream, but Annabeth and Grover’s expressions told me otherwise.
“Not good,” Grover said.
“Ares sought you out, Percy.
This is not good.”
I stared out the window.
The motorcycle had disappeared.
Did Ares really know something about my mom, or was he just playing
with me?
Now that he was gone, all the anger had drained out of me.
I
realized Ares must love to mess with people’s emotions.
That was his power
—cranking up the passions so badly, they clouded your ability to think.
“It’s probably some kind of trick,” I said.
“Forget Ares.
Let’s just go.”
“Who is she?
Echidna?”
“No, Aphrodite,” Grover said, a little dreamily.
“Goddess of love.”
“I thought she was married to somebody,” I said.
“Hephaestus.”
“What’s your point?” he asked.
“Oh.”
I suddenly felt the need to change
the subject.
“So how do we get in?”
“Maia!”
Grover’s shoes sprouted wings.
He flew over the fence, did an unintended somersault in midair, then
stumbled to a landing on the opposite side.
He dusted off his jeans, as if he’d
planned the whole thing.
“You guys coming?”
Grover said.
“We’re going down!”
We spiraled toward the ground, Grover doing his best to slow the fall.
We smashed into a photo-board, Grover’s head going straight into the
hole where tourists would put their faces, pretending to be Noo-Noo the
Friendly Whale.
Annabeth and I tumbled to the ground, banged up but alive.
Ares’s shield was still on my arm.
“Hey, guys,” Grover said.
“I hate to interrupt, but…”
He pointed toward the diner.
At the register, the last two customers were
paying their check, two men in identical black coveralls, with a white logo on
their backs that matched the one on the KINDNESS INTERNATIONAL truck.
“If we’re taking the zoo express,” Grover said, “we need to hurry.”
I didn’t like it, but we had no better option.
Besides, I’d seen enough of
Denver.
We ran across the street and climbed in the back of the big rig, closing the
doors behind us.
The first thing that hit me was the smell.
It was like the world’s biggest pan
of kitty litter.
The trailer was dark inside until I uncapped Anaklusmos.
The blade cast a
faint bronze light over a very sad scene.
Sitting in a row of filthy metal cages
were three of the most pathetic zoo animals I’d ever beheld: a zebra, a male
albino lion, and some weird antelope thing I didn’t know the name for.
Someone had thrown the lion a sack of turnips, which he obviously didn’t
want to eat.
The zebra and the antelope had each gotten a Styrofoam tray of
hamburger meat.
The zebra’s mane was matted with chewing gum, like
somebody had been spitting on it in their spare time.
The antelope had a
stupid silver birthday balloon tied to one of his horns that read OVER THE HILL!
Apparently, nobody had wanted to get close enough to the lion to mess
with him, but the poor thing was pacing around on soiled blankets, in a space
way too small for him, panting from the stuffy heat of the trailer.
He had flies
buzzing around his pink eyes and his ribs showed through his white fur.
“This is kindness?”
Grover yelled.
“Humane zoo transport?”
He probably would’ve gone right back outside to beat up the truckers
with his reed pipes, and I would’ve helped him, but just then the truck’s
engine roared to life, the trailer started shaking, and we were forced to sit
down or fall down.
We huddled in the corner on some mildewed feed sacks, trying to ignore
the smell and the heat and the flies.
Grover talked to the animals in a series of
goat bleats, but they just stared at him sadly.
Annabeth was in favor of
breaking the cages and freeing them on the spot, but I pointed out it wouldn’t
do much good until the truck stopped moving.
Besides, I had a feeling we
might look a lot better to the lion than those turnips.
I found a water jug and refilled their bowls, then used Anaklusmos to

drag the mismatched food out of their cages.
I gave the meat to the lion and
the turnips to the zebra and the antelope.
We told Grover to promise the animals we’d help them more in the morning,
then we settled in for night.
He also said Grover wouldn’t fail this time.
Nobody would turn into a
pine tree.”
In the dim bronze light of the sword blade, it was hard to read their
expressions.
Grover let out a mournful bray.
“I should’ve told you the truth from the beginning.”
His voice trembled.
We traveled north from Virginia
without any real plans, fending off monsters for about two weeks before
Grover found us.”

“I was supposed to escort Thalia to camp,” he said, sniffling.
“Only
Thalia.
I had strict orders from Chiron: don’t do anything that would slow
down the rescue.
Next to me, under the turnip sacks, Grover tensed.
For a peace-loving
herbivore, he looked downright murderous.
The trucker threw the antelope a squashed-looking Happy Meal bag.
He
smirked at the zebra.
“How ya doin’, Stripes?
Least we’ll be getting rid of
you this stop.
You like magic shows?
You’re gonna love this one.
They’re
gonna saw you in half!”
The zebra, wild-eyed with fear, looked straight at me.
There was no sound, but as clear as day, I heard it say: Free me, lord.
Please.
I was too stunned to react.
There was a loud knock, knock, knock on the side of the trailer.
The trucker inside with us yelled, “What do you want, Eddie?”
A voice outside—it must’ve been Eddie’s—shouted back, “Maurice?
What’d ya say?”
“What are you banging for?”
Knock, knock, knock.
Outside, Eddie yelled, “What banging?”
Our guy Maurice rolled his eyes and went back outside, cursing at Eddie
for being an idiot.
“No kidding,” Grover said.
He paused, as if listening.
“The lion says
these guys are animal smugglers!”
That’s right, the zebra’s voice said in my mind.
“We’ve got to free them!”
Grover said.
“The other animals first,” Grover said.
I cut the locks with my sword.
Grover raised his hands and spoke the
same goat-blessing he’d used for the zebra.
“Good luck,” I told the animals.
The antelope and the lion burst out of
their cages and went off together into the streets.
Some tourists screamed.
Most just backed off and took pictures, probably
thinking it was some kind of stunt by one of the casinos.
“Will the animals be okay?”
I asked Grover.
“I mean, the desert and all
—”
“Don’t worry,” he said.
“I placed a satyr’s sanctuary on them.”
“Meaning?”
“Meaning they’ll reach the wild safely,” he said.
“They’ll find water,
food, shade, whatever they need until they find a safe place to live.”
“Why can’t you place a blessing like that on us?”
I asked.
“It only works on wild animals.”
“So it would only affect Percy,” Annabeth reasoned.
“Hey!”
I protested.
“Kidding,” she said.
“Come on.
Let’s get out of this filthy truck.”
We stumbled out into the desert afternoon.
It was a hundred and ten
degrees, easy, and we must’ve looked like deep-fried vagrants, but everybody
was too interested in the wild animals to pay us much attention.
We passed the Monte Carlo and the MGM.
We passed pyramids, a pirate
ship, and the Statue of Liberty, which was a pretty small replica, but still
made me homesick.
I wasn’t sure what we were looking for.
Maybe just a place to get out of
the heat for a few minutes, find a sandwich and a glass of lemonade, make a
new plan for getting west.
We must have taken a wrong turn, because we found ourselves at a dead
end, standing in front of the Lotus Hotel and Casino.
The entrance was a
huge neon flower, the petals lighting up and blinking.
No one was going in or
out, but the glittering chrome doors were open, spilling out air-conditioning
that smelled like flowers—lotus blossom, maybe.
I’d never smelled one, so I
wasn’t sure.
The doorman smiled at us.
“Hey, kids.
You look tired.
You want to come
in and sit down?”
I’d learned to be suspicious, the last week or so.
I figured anybody might
be a monster or a god.
You just couldn’t tell.
But this guy was normal.
One
look at him, and I could see.
Besides, I was so relieved to hear somebody
who sounded sympathetic that I nodded and said we’d love to come in.
Inside, we took one look around, and Grover said, “Whoa.”
The whole lobby was a giant game room.
And I’m not talking about
cheesy old Pac-Man games or slot machines.
There was an indoor waterslide
snaking around the glass elevator, which went straight up at least forty floors.
There was a climbing wall on the side of one building, and an indoor bungeejumping bridge.
There were virtual-reality suits with working laser guns.
And
hundreds of video games, each one the size of a widescreen TV.
Basically,
you name it, this place had it.
There were a few other kids playing, but not
that many.
No waiting for any of the games.
There were waitresses and snack
bars all around, serving every kind of food you can imagine.
“Hey!”
a bellhop said.
At least I guessed he was a bellhop.
He wore a
white-and-yellow Hawaiian shirt with lotus designs, shorts, and flip-flops.
“Welcome to the Lotus Casino.
Here’s your room key.”
I stammered, “Um, but…”
“No, no,” he said, laughing.
“The bill’s taken care of.
No extra charges,
no tips.
Just go on up to the top floor, room 4001.
If you need anything, like
extra bubbles for the hot tub, or skeet targets for the shooting range, or
whatever, just call the front desk.
Here are your LotusCash cards.
They work
in the restaurants and on all the games and rides.”
He handed us each a green plastic credit card.
I knew there must be some mistake.
Obviously he thought we were some
millionaire’s kids.
But I took the card and said, “How much is on here?”
His eyebrows knit together.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, when does it run out of cash?”
He laughed.
“Oh, you’re making a joke.
Hey, that’s cool.
Enjoy your
stay.”
We took the elevator upstairs and checked out our room.
It was a suite
with three separate bedrooms and a bar stocked with candy, sodas, and chips.
A hotline to room service.
Fluffy towels and water beds with feather pillows.
A big-screen television with satellite and high-speed Internet.
The balcony
had its own hot tub, and sure enough, there was a skeet-shooting machine and

a shotgun, so you could launch clay pigeons right out over the Las Vegas
skyline and plug them with your gun.
I didn’t see how that could be legal, but
I thought it was pretty cool.
The view over the Strip and the desert was
amazing, though I doubted we’d ever find time to look at the view with a
room like this.
“This place is…”
“Sweet,” Grover said.
“Absolutely sweet.”
There were clothes in the closet, and they fit me.
I frowned, thinking that
this was a little strange.
I threw Ares’s backpack in the trash can.
Wouldn’t need that anymore.
When we left, I could just charge a new one at the hotel store.
I took a shower, which felt awesome after a week of grimy travel.
I
changed clothes, ate a bag of chips, drank three Cokes, and came out feeling
better than I had in a long time.
In the back of my mind, some small problem
kept nagging me.
I’d had a dream or something…I needed to talk to my
friends.
But I was sure it could wait.
I came out of the bedroom and found that Annabeth and Grover had also
showered and changed clothes.
Are you insane?”
“It’s interesting.”
“I feel good,” Grover said.
“I love this place.”
Without his even realizing it, the wings sprouted out of his shoes and
lifted him a foot off the ground, then back down again.
“So what now?” Annabeth asked.
“Sleep?”

Grover and I looked at each other and grinned.
We both held up our green
plastic LotusCash cards.
“Play time,” I said.
I couldn’t remember the last time I had so much fun.
I came from a
relatively poor family.
Our idea of a splurge was eating out at Burger King
and renting a video.
A five-star Vegas hotel?
Forget it.
I bungee-jumped the lobby five or six times, did the waterslide,
snowboarded the artificial ski slope, and played virtual-reality laser tag and
FBI sharpshooter.
I saw Grover a few times, going from game to game.
He
really liked the reverse hunter thing—where the deer go out and shoot the
rednecks.
I saw Annabeth playing trivia games and other brainiac stuff.
They
had this huge 3-D sim game where you build your own city, and you could
actually see the holographic buildings rise on the display board.
I looked at Annabeth, and together we took Grover by the arms and
dragged him away.
His flying shoes sprang to life and started tugging his legs

in the other direction as he shouted, “No! I just got to a new level!
No!”
The Lotus bellhop hurried up to us.
“Well, now, are you ready for your
platinum cards?”
“We’re leaving,” I told him.
“Such a shame,” he said, and I got the feeling that he really meant it, that
we’d be breaking his heart if we went.
“We just added an entire new floor full
of games for platinum-card members.”
He held out the cards, and I wanted one.
I knew that if I took one, I’d
never leave.
I’d stay here, happy forever, playing games forever, and soon I’d
forget my mom, and my quest, and maybe even my own name.
I’d be playing
virtual rifleman with groovy Disco Darrin forever.
I told Annabeth and Grover about
my latest dream, but the details got sketchier the more I tried to remember
them.
The Lotus Casino seemed to have short-circuited my memory.
I
couldn’t recall what the invisible servant’s voice had sounded like, though I
was sure it was somebody I knew.
The servant had called the monster in the
pit something other than “my lord”…some special name or title.…
“The Silent One?”
Annabeth suggested.
“The Rich One?
Both of those
are nicknames for Hades.”
“Maybe…” I said, though neither sounded quite right.
“That throne room sounds like Hades’s,” Grover said.
“That’s the way
it’s usually described.”
I shook my head.
“Something’s wrong.
The throne room wasn’t the main
part of the dream.
And that voice from the pit…I don’t know.
It just didn’t
feel like a god’s voice.”
I told Grover and
Annabeth what had happened, and showed them the pearls.
Annabeth grimaced.
“No gift comes without a price.”
“They were free.”
“No.”
She shook her head.
“‘There is no such thing as a free lunch.’
That’s an ancient Greek saying that translated pretty well into American.
There will be a price.
You wait.”
On that happy thought, we turned our backs on the sea.
With some spare change from Ares’s backpack, we took the bus into West
Hollywood.
I showed the driver the Underworld address slip I’d taken from
Aunty Em’s Garden Gnome Emporium, but he’d never heard of DOA
Recording Studios.
“You remind me of somebody I saw on TV,” he told me.
“You a child
actor or something?”
“Uh…I’m a stunt double…for a lot of child actors.”
“Oh!
That explains it.”
We thanked him and got off quickly at the next stop.
We wandered for miles on foot, looking for DOA.
Nobody seemed to
know where it was.
It didn’t appear in the phone book.
Twice, we ducked into alleys to avoid cop cars.
I froze in front of an appliance-store window because a television was
playing an interview with somebody who looked very familiar—my stepdad,
Smelly Gabe.
He was talking to Barbara Walters—I mean, as if he were some
kind of huge celebrity.
She was interviewing him in our apartment, in the
middle of a poker game, and there was a young blond lady sitting next to
him, patting his hand.
A fake tear glistened on his cheek.
He was saying, “Honest, Ms. Walters,
if it wasn’t for Sugar here, my grief counselor, I’d be a wreck.
My stepson
took everything I cared about.
My wife…my Camaro…I—I’m sorry.
I have
trouble talking about it.”
“There you have it, America.”
Barbara Walters turned to the camera.
“A
man torn apart.
An adolescent boy with serious issues.
Let me show you,
again, the last known photo of this troubled young fugitive, taken a week ago
in Denver.”
The screen cut to a grainy shot of me, Annabeth, and Grover standing
outside the Colorado diner, talking to Ares.
“Who are the other children in this photo?”
Barbara Walters asked
dramatically.
“Who is the man with them?
Is Percy Jackson a delinquent, a
terrorist, or perhaps the brainwashed victim of a frightening new cult?
When
we come back, we chat with a leading child psychologist.
Stay tuned,
America.”
“C’mon,” Grover told me.
He hauled me away before I could punch a
hole in the appliance-store window.
It got dark, and hungry-looking characters started coming out on the
streets to play.
Now, don’t get me wrong.
I’m a New Yorker.
I don’t scare
easy.
But L.A. had a totally different feel from New York.
Back home,
everything seemed close.
It didn’t matter how big the city was, you could get
anywhere without getting lost.
The street pattern and the subway made sense.
There was a system to how things worked.
A kid could be safe as long as he
wasn’t stupid.
L.A. wasn’t like that.
It was spread out, chaotic, hard to move around.
It
reminded me of Ares.
It wasn’t enough for L.A. to be big; it had to prove it
was big by being loud and strange and difficult to navigate, too.
I didn’t
know how we were ever going to find the entrance to the Underworld by
tomorrow, the summer solstice.
We walked past gangbangers, bums, and street hawkers, who looked at us
like they were trying to figure if we were worth the trouble of mugging.
As we hurried passed the entrance of an alley, a voice from the darkness
said, “Hey, you.”
Like an idiot, I stopped.
Before I knew it, we were surrounded.
A gang of kids had circled us.
Six
of them in all—white kids with expensive clothes and mean faces.
Like the
kids at Yancy Academy: rich brats playing at being bad boys.
Instinctively, I uncapped Riptide.
When the sword appeared out of nowhere, the kids backed off, but their
leader was either really stupid or really brave, because he kept coming at me
with a switchblade.
I made the mistake of swinging.
The kid yelped.
But he must’ve been one hundred percent mortal, because
the blade passed harmlessly right through his chest.
He looked down.
“What

the…”
I figured I had about three seconds before his shock turned to anger.
“Run!”
I screamed at Annabeth and Grover.
We pushed two kids out of the way and raced down the street, not
knowing where we were going.
We turned a sharp corner.
“There!”
Annabeth shouted.
Only one store on the block looked open, its windows glaring with neon.
The sign above the door said something like CRSTUY’S WATRE BDE ALPACE.
“Crusty’s Water Bed Palace?”
Grover translated.
It didn’t sound like a place I’d ever go except in an emergency, but this
definitely qualified.
We burst through the doors, ran behind a water bed, and ducked.
A split
second later, the gang kids ran past outside.
“I think we lost them,” Grover panted.
A voice behind us boomed, “Lost who?”
We all jumped.
Standing behind us was a guy who looked like a raptor in a leisure suit.
He was at least seven feet tall, with absolutely no hair.
He had gray, leathery
skin, thick-lidded eyes, and a cold, reptilian smile.
He moved toward us
slowly, but I got the feeling he could move fast if he needed to.
His suit might’ve come from the Lotus Casino.
It belonged back in the
seventies, big-time.
The shirt was silk paisley, unbuttoned halfway down his
hairless chest.
The lapels on his velvet jacket were as wide as landing strips.
The silver chains around his neck—I couldn’t even count them.
“I’m Crusty,” he said, with a tartar-yellow smile.
I resisted the urge to say, Yes, you are.
“Sorry to barge in,” I told him.
“We were just, um, browsing.”
“You mean hiding from those no-good kids,” he grumbled.
“They hang
around every night.
I get a lot of people in here, thanks to them.
Say, you
want to look at a water bed?”
I was about to say No, thanks, when he put a huge paw on my shoulder
and steered me deeper into the showroom.
There was every kind of water bed you could imagine: different kinds of
wood, different patterns of sheets; queen-size, king-size, emperor-of-theuniverse-size.
“This is my most popular model.”
Crusty spread his hands proudly over a
bed covered with black satin sheets, with built-in Lava Lamps on the
headboard.
The mattress vibrated, so it looked like oil-flavored Jell-O.
“Million-hand massage,” Crusty told us.
“Go on, try it out.
Shoot, take a
nap.
I don’t care.
No business today, anyway.”
“Um,” I said, “I don’t think…”
“Million-hand massage!”
Grover cried, and dove in.
“Oh, you guys!
This
is cool.”
“Hmm,” Crusty said, stroking his leathery chin.
“Almost, almost.”
“Almost what?”
I asked.
He looked at Annabeth.
“Do me a favor and try this one over here, honey.
Might fit.”
Annabeth and Grover got to their feet,
groaning and wincing and cursing me a lot.
“You look taller,” I said.
Grover said, “I think I’m getting seasick.”
When I blinked again, the elevator wasn’t an elevator anymore.
We were
standing in a wooden barge.
Charon was poling us across a dark, oily river,
swirling with bones, dead fish, and other, stranger things—plastic dolls,
crushed carnations, soggy diplomas with gilt edges.
“The River Styx,” Annabeth murmured.
“It’s so…”
“Polluted,” Charon said.
“For thousands of years, you humans have been
throwing in everything as you come across—hopes, dreams, wishes that
never came true.
Irresponsible waste management, if you ask me.”
Mist curled off the filthy water.
Above us, almost lost in the gloom, was a
ceiling of stalactites.
Ahead, the far shore glimmered with greenish light, the
color of poison.
Panic closed up my throat.
What was I doing here?
These people around
me…they were dead.
Annabeth grabbed hold of my hand.
Under normal circumstances, this
would’ve embarrassed me, but I understood how she felt.
She wanted
reassurance that somebody else was alive on this boat.
I found myself muttering a prayer, though I wasn’t quite sure who I was
praying to.
Down here, only one god mattered, and he was the one I had
come to confront.
The shoreline of the Underworld came into view.
Craggy rocks and black

volcanic sand stretched inland about a hundred yards to the base of a high
stone wall, which marched off in either direction as far as we could see.
A
sound came from somewhere nearby in the green gloom, echoing off the
stones—the howl of a large animal.
“Old Three-Face is hungry,” Charon said.
His smile turned skeletal in the
greenish light.
“Bad luck for you, godlings.”
The bottom of our boat slid onto the black sand.
The dead began to
disembark.
A woman holding a little girl’s hand.
An old man and an old
woman hobbling along arm in arm.
A boy no older than I was, shuffling
silently along in his gray robe.
Charon said, “I’d wish you luck, mate, but there isn’t any down here.
Mind you, don’t forget to mention my pay raise.”
He counted our golden coins into his pouch, then took up his pole.
He
warbled something that sounded like a Barry Manilow song as he ferried the
empty barge back across the river.
We followed the spirits up a well-worn path.
I’m not sure what I was expecting—Pearly Gates, or a big black portcullis, or
something.
But the entrance to the Underworld looked like a cross between
airport security and the Jersey Turnpike.
There were three separate entrances under one huge black archway that
said YOU ARE NOW ENTERING EREBUS.
Each entrance had a pass-through metal
detector with security cameras mounted on top.
Beyond this were tollbooths
manned by black-robed ghouls like Charon.
The howling of the hungry animal was really loud now, but I couldn’t see
where it was coming from.
The three-headed dog, Cerberus, who was
supposed to guard Hades’s door, was nowhere to be seen.
The dead queued up in the three lines, two marked ATTENDANT ON DUTY,
and one marked EZ DEATH.
The EZ DEATH line was moving right along.
The
other two were crawling.
“What do you figure?”
“And do what?”
Grover said, “Imagine standing in a wheat field in Kansas.
Forever.”
“Harsh,” I said.
“Not as harsh as that,” Grover muttered.
“Look.”
A couple of black-robbed ghouls had pulled aside one spirit and were
frisking him at the security desk.
The face of the dead man looked vaguely
familiar.
“He’s that preacher who made the news, remember?”
Grover asked.
“Oh, yeah.”
I did remember now.
We’d seen him on TV a couple of times
at the Yancy Academy dorm.
He was this annoying televangelist from
upstate New York who’d raised millions of dollars for orphanages and then
got caught spending the money on stuff for his mansion, like gold-plated
toilet seats, and an indoor putt-putt golf course.
He’d died in a police chase

when his “Lamborghini for the Lord” went off a cliff.
I said, “What’re they doing to him?”
“Special punishment from Hades,” Grover guessed.
“The really bad
people get his personal attention as soon as they arrive.
The Fur—the Kindly
Ones will set up an eternal torture for him.”
The thought of the Furies made me shudder.
I realized I was in their home
territory now.
Old Mrs. Dodds would be licking her lips with anticipation.
“But if he’s a preacher,” I said, “and he believes in a different hell.…”
Grover shrugged.
“Who says he’s seeing this place the way we’re seeing
it?
Humans see what they want to see.
You’re very stubborn—er, persistent,
that way.”
We got closer to the gates.
The howling was so loud now it shook the
ground at my feet, but I still couldn’t figure out where it was coming from.
Then, about fifty feet in front of us, the green mist shimmered.
Standing
just where the path split into three lanes was an enormous shadowy monster.
I hadn’t seen it before because it was half transparent, like the dead.
Until
it moved, it blended with whatever was behind it.
Only its eyes and teeth
looked solid.
And it was staring straight at me.
My jaw hung open.
All I could think to say was, “He’s a Rottweiler.”
I’d always imagined Cerberus as a big black mastiff.
But he was
obviously a purebred Rottweiler, except of course that he was twice the size
of a woolly mammoth, mostly invisible, and had three heads.
The dead walked right up to him—no fear at all.
The ATTENDANT ON DUTY
lines parted on either side of him.
The EZ DEATH spirits walked right between
his front paws and under his belly, which they could do without even
crouching.
“I’m starting to see him better,” I muttered.
“Why is that?”
“I think…” Annabeth moistened her lips.
“I’m afraid it’s because we’re
getting closer to being dead.”
The dog’s middle head craned toward us.
It sniffed the air and growled.
“It can smell the living,” I said.
“But that’s okay,” Grover said, trembling next to me.
“Because we have a
plan.”
I asked Grover.
“Oh yeah,” he said.
“I can understand it.”
“What’s it saying?”
“I don’t think humans have a four-letter word that translates, exactly.”
I took the big stick out of my backpack—a bedpost I’d broken off
Crusty’s Safari Deluxe floor model.
I held it up, and tried to channel happy
dog thoughts toward Cerberus—Alpo commercials, cute little puppies, fire
hydrants.
I tried to smile, like I wasn’t about to die.
“Hey, Big Fella,” I called up.
“I bet they don’t play with you much.”
“GROWWWLLLL!”
“Good boy,” I said weakly.
I waved the stick.
The dog’s middle head followed the movement.
The
other two heads trained their eyes on me, completely ignoring the spirits.
I
had Cerberus’s undivided attention.
I wasn’t sure that was a good thing.
“Fetch!”
I threw the stick into the gloom, a good solid throw.
I heard it go
ker-sploosh in the River Styx.
Cerberus glared at me, unimpressed.
His eyes were baleful and cold.
So much for the plan.
Cerberus was now making a new kind of growl, deeper down in his three
throats.
“Um,” Grover said.
“Percy?”
“Yeah?”
“I just thought you’d want to know.”
“Yeah?”
“Cerberus?
He’s saying we’ve got ten seconds to pray to the god of our
choice.
After that…well…he’s hungry.”
“Wait!”
“Five seconds,” Grover said.
“Do we run now?”
Annabeth produced a red rubber ball the size of a grapefruit.
It was
labeled WATERLAND, DENVER, CO.
Before I could stop her, she raised the ball
and marched straight up to Cerberus.
She shouted, “See the ball?
You want the ball, Cerberus? Sit!”
Cerberus looked as stunned as we were.
All three of his heads cocked sideways.
Six nostrils dilated.
“Sit!”
“When I was little, at my dad’s house, we had a
Doberman.…”
“Never mind that,” Grover said, tugging at my shirt.
“Come on!”
We were about to bolt through the EZ DEATH line when Cerberus moaned
pitifully from all three mouths.
Annabeth stopped.
She turned to face the dog, which had done a one-eighty to look at us.
Cerberus panted expectantly, the tiny red ball in pieces in a puddle of
drool at its feet.
Grover murmured, “Well, Percy, what have we learned today?”
“That three-headed dogs prefer red rubber balls over sticks?”
“No,” Grover told me.
“We’ve learned that your plans really, really bite!”
I wasn’t sure about that.
Black trees—
Grover told me they were poplars—grew in clumps here and there.
The cavern ceiling was so high above us it might’ve been a bank of storm
clouds, except for the stalactites, which glowed faint gray and looked
wickedly pointed.
I tried not to imagine they’d fall on us at any moment, but
dotted around the fields were several that had fallen and impaled themselves
in the black grass.
I guess the dead didn’t have to worry about little hazards
like being speared by stalactites the size of booster rockets.
Annabeth, Grover, and I tried to blend into the crowd, keeping an eye out
for security ghouls.
I couldn’t help looking for familiar faces among the
spirits of Asphodel, but the dead are hard to look at.
Their faces shimmer.
They all look slightly angry or confused.
They will come up to you and
speak, but their voices sound like chatter, like bats twittering.
Once they
realize you can’t understand them, they frown and move away.
The dead aren’t scary.
They’re just sad.
We crept along, following the line of new arrivals that snaked from the
main gates toward a black-tented pavilion with a banner that read:

JUDGMENTS FOR ELYSIUM AND ETERNAL DAMNATION

Welcome, Newly Deceased!

Out the back of the tent came two much smaller lines.
To the left, spirits flanked by security ghouls were marched down a rocky
path toward the Fields of Punishment, which glowed and smoked in the
distance, a vast, cracked wasteland with rivers of lava and minefields and
miles of barbed wire separating the different torture areas.
Even from far
away, I could see people being chased by hellhounds, burned at the stake,
forced to run naked through cactus patches or listen to opera music.
I could
just make out a tiny hill, with the ant-size figure of Sisyphus struggling to
move his boulder to the top.
And I saw worse tortures, too—things I don’t
want to describe.
The line coming from the right side of the judgment pavilion was much
better.
This one led down toward a small valley surrounded by walls—a
gated community, which seemed to be the only happy part of the
Underworld.
Beyond the security gate were neighborhoods of beautiful
houses from every time period in history, Roman villas and medieval castles
and Victorian mansions.
Silver and gold flowers bloomed on the lawns.
The
grass rippled in rainbow colors.
I could hear laughter and smell barbecue

cooking.
Elysium.
In the middle of that valley was a glittering blue lake, with three small
islands like a vacation resort in the Bahamas.
The Isles of the Blest, for
people who had chosen to be reborn three times, and three times achieved
Elysium.
Immediately I knew that’s where I wanted to go when I died.
“I suppose it’s too late to turn back,” Grover said wistfully.
“We’ll be okay.”
I tried to sound confident.
“Maybe we should search some of the other places first,” Grover
suggested.
“Like, Elysium, for instance…”
“Come on, goat boy.”
Annabeth grabbed his arm.
Grover yelped.
I was sure Grover was going to barrel straight through the gates of
Hades’s palace, but his shoes veered sharply to the right and dragged him in
the opposite direction.
The slope got steeper.
Grover picked up speed.
Annabeth and I had to
sprint to keep up.
The cavern walls narrowed on either side, and I realized
we’d entered some kind of side tunnel.
No black grass or trees now, just rock
underfoot, and the dim light of the stalactites above.
“Grover!”
I yelled, my voice echoing.
“Hold on to something!”
“What?” he yelled back.
He was grabbing at gravel, but there was nothing big enough to slow him
down.
The tunnel got darker and colder.
The hairs on my arms bristled.
It

smelled evil down here.
It made me think of things I shouldn’t even know
about—blood spilled on an ancient stone altar, the foul breath of a murderer.
Then I saw what was ahead of us, and I stopped dead in my tracks.
The tunnel widened into a huge dark cavern, and in the middle was a
chasm the size of a city block.
Grover was sliding straight toward the edge.
“Come on, Percy!”
Annabeth yelled, tugging at my wrist.
“But that’s—”
“I know!”
she shouted.
“The place you described in your dream!
But
Grover’s going to fall if we don’t catch him.”
She was right, of course.
Grover’s predicament got me moving again.
He was yelling, clawing at the ground, but the winged shoes kept
dragging him toward the pit, and it didn’t look like we could possibly get to
him in time.
What saved him were his hooves.
The flying sneakers had always been a loose fit on him, and finally
Grover hit a big rock and the left shoe came flying off.
It sped into the
darkness, down into the chasm.
The right shoe kept tugging him along, but
not as fast.
Grover was able to slow himself down by grabbing on to the big
rock and using it like an anchor.
He was ten feet from the edge of the pit when we caught him and hauled
him back up the slope.
The other winged shoe tugged itself off, circled
around us angrily and kicked our heads in protest before flying off into the
chasm to join its twin.
We all collapsed, exhausted, on the obsidian gravel.
My limbs felt like
lead.
Even my backpack seemed heavier, as if somebody had filled it with

rocks.
Grover was scratched up pretty bad.
His hands were bleeding.
His eyes
had gone slit-pupiled, goat style, the way they did whenever he was terrified.
“I don’t know how…” he panted.
“I didn’t…”
“Wait,” I said.
“Listen.”
I heard something—a deep whisper in the darkness.
I pulled Grover away to keep him from
picking a big juicy one.
We walked up the steps of the palace, between black columns, through a
black marble portico, and into the house of Hades.
The entry hall had a
polished bronze floor, which seemed to boil in the reflected torchlight.
There
was no ceiling, just the cavern roof, far above.
I guess they never had to
worry about rain down here.
Every side doorway was guarded by a skeleton in military gear.
Some
wore Greek armor, some British redcoat uniforms, some camouflage with
tattered American flags on the shoulders.
They carried spears or muskets or
M-16s.
None of them bothered us, but their hollow eye sockets followed us
as we walked down the hall, toward the big set of doors at the opposite end.
Two U.S. Marine skeletons guarded the doors.
They grinned down at us,

rocket-propelled grenade launchers held across their chests.
“You know,” Grover mumbled, “I bet Hades doesn’t have trouble with
door-to-door salesmen.”
My backpack weighed a ton now.
I couldn’t figure out why.
I wanted to
open it, check to see if I had somehow picked up a stray bowling ball, but this
wasn’t the time.
“Well, guys,” I said.
“I suppose we should…knock?”
A hot wind blew down the corridor, and the doors swung open.
The
guards stepped aside.
“Use the third pearl on your mom.”

“No!”
“I’m a satyr,” Grover said.
“We don’t have souls like humans do.
He can
torture me until I die, but he won’t get me forever.
I’ll just be reincarnated as
a flower or something.
It’s the best way.”
“No.”
Annabeth drew her bronze knife.
“You two go on.
Grover, you
have to protect Percy.
You have to get your searcher’s license and start your
quest for Pan.
Get his mom out of here.
I’ll cover you.
I plan to go down
fighting.”
“No way,” Grover said.
Annabeth and Grover were right behind me.
Spears and bullets sparked
harmlessly off the pearl bubbles as we floated up.
Hades yelled with such
rage, the entire fortress shook and I knew it was not going to be a peaceful
night in L.A.
“Look up!”
Grover yelled.
“We’re going to crash!”
Sure enough, we were racing right toward the stalactites, which I figured
would pop our bubbles and skewer us.
“How do you control these things?”
Annabeth shouted.
“I don’t think you do!”
I shouted back.
We screamed as the bubbles slammed into the ceiling and…Darkness.
Were we dead?
No, I could still feel the racing sensation.
We were going up, right
through solid rock as easily as an air bubble in water.
That was the power of
the pearls, I realized—What belongs to the sea will always return to the sea.
For a few moments, I couldn’t see anything outside the smooth walls of
my sphere, then my pearl broke through on the ocean floor.
The two other
milky spheres, Annabeth and Grover, kept pace with me as we soared upward
through the water.
And—ker-blam!
We exploded on the surface, in the middle of the Santa Monica Bay,
knocking a surfer off his board with an indignant, “Dude!”
I grabbed Grover and hauled him over to a life buoy.
I caught Annabeth
and dragged her over too.
A curious shark was circling us, a great white
about eleven feet long.
I said, “Beat it.”
The shark turned and raced away.
The surfer screamed something about bad mushrooms and paddled away
from us as fast as he could.
Somehow, I knew what time it was: early morning, June 21, the day of
the summer solstice.
In the distance, Los Angeles was on fire, plumes of smoke rising from
neighborhoods all over the city.
There had been an earthquake, all right, and
it was Hades’s fault.
He was probably sending an army of the dead after me
right now.
But at the moment, the Underworld wasn’t my biggest problem.
I had to get to shore.
Grover complained.
“And take this,” Grover said.
He handed me a flattened tin can that he’d
probably been saving in his pocket for a thousand miles.
“The satyrs stand
behind you.”
“Grover…I don’t know what to say.”
He patted me on the shoulder.
I stuffed the tin can in my back pocket.
“You all done saying good-bye?”
Ares came toward me, his black leather
duster trailing behind him, his sword glinting like fire in the sunrise.
“I’ve

been fighting for eternity, kid.
My strength is unlimited and I cannot die.
What have you got?”
A smaller ego, I thought, but I said nothing.
I kept my feet in the surf,
backing into the water up to my ankles.
Annabeth and Grover stood on the beach, in shock, watching the water flood
back around Ares’s feet, his glowing golden ichor dissipating in the tide.
Ares lowered his sword.
“You have made an enemy, godling,” he told me.
“You have sealed your

fate.
Every time you raise your blade in battle, every time you hope for
success, you will feel my curse.
Beware, Perseus Jackson.
Beware.”
His body began to glow.
“Percy!”
Annabeth shouted.
“Don’t watch!”
I turned away as the god Ares revealed his true immortal form.
I
somehow knew that if I looked, I would disintegrate into ashes.
The light died.
I looked back.
Ares was gone.
The tide rolled out to reveal Hades’s
bronze helm of darkness.
I picked it up and walked toward my friends.
But before I got there, I heard the flapping of leathery wings.
Three evillooking grandmothers with lace hats and fiery whips drifted down from the
sky and landed in front of me.
The middle Fury, the one who had been Mrs. Dodds, stepped forward.
Her fangs were bared, but for once she didn’t look threatening.
She looked
more disappointed, as if she’d been planning to have me for supper, but had
decided I might give her indigestion.
“We saw the whole thing,” she hissed.
“So…it truly was not you?”
I tossed her the helmet, which she caught in surprise.
“Return that to Lord Hades,” I said.
“Tell him the truth.
Tell him to call
off the war.”
She hesitated, then ran a forked tongue over her green, leathery lips.
“Live well, Percy Jackson.
Become a true hero.
Because if you do not, if you ever come into my clutches again…”
She cackled, savoring the idea.
Then she and her sisters rose on their bats’
wings, fluttered into the smoke-filled sky, and disappeared.
“Percy…” Grover said.
“Must’ve been the Furies overhead,” Grover said.
But
I wasn’t so sure.
Something had stopped Ares from killing me, and whatever
could do that was a lot stronger than the Furies.
I looked at Annabeth, and an understanding passed between us.
I knew
now what was in that pit, what had spoken from the entrance of Tartarus.
I reclaimed my backpack from Grover and looked inside.
The master bolt
was still there.
Such a small thing to almost cause World War III.
“We have to get back to New York,” I said.
I told Annabeth and Grover to get back to
Half-Blood Hill and let Chiron know what had happened.
They protested, and
it was hard to let them go after all we’d been through, but I knew I had to do
this last part of the quest by myself.
If things went wrong, if the gods didn’t
believe me…I wanted Annabeth and Grover to survive to tell Chiron the
truth.
I hopped in a taxi and headed into Manhattan.
Thirty minutes later, I walked into the lobby of the Empire State Building.
I must have looked like a homeless kid, with my tattered clothes and my
scraped-up face.
I hadn’t slept in at least twenty-four hours.
I went up to the guard at the front desk and said, “Six hundredth floor.”
He was reading a huge book with a picture of a wizard on the front.
I
wasn’t much into fantasy, but the book must’ve been good, because the guard
took a while to look up.
“No such floor, kiddo.”
As Apollo’s cabin led the sing-along and passed out s’mores, I was
surrounded by my old Hermes cabinmates, Annabeth’s friends from Athena,
and Grover’s satyr buddies, who were admiring the brand-new searcher’s
license he’d received from the Council of Cloven Elders.
The council had
called Grover’s performance on the quest “Brave to the point of indigestion.
Horns-and-whiskers above anything we have seen in the past.”
As Annabeth and I were spreading a picnic blanket, Grover showed up to
tell us good-bye.
He was dressed in his usual jeans and T-shirt and sneakers,
but in the last few weeks he’d started to look older, almost high-school age.
His goatee had gotten thicker.
He’d put on weight.
His horns had grown at
least an inch, so he now had to wear his rasta cap all the time to pass as
human.
“I’m off,” he said.
“I just came to say…well, you know.”
I tried to feel happy for him.
After all, it wasn’t every day a satyr got
permission to go look for the great god Pan.
But it was hard saying good-bye.
I’d only known Grover a year, yet he was my oldest friend.
Annabeth gave him a hug.
She told him to keep his fake feet on.
I asked him where he was going to search first.
“Kind of a secret,” he said, looking embarrassed.
I turned and saw my
friend Grover running for his life.
Yeah, I said hooves.
Grover is a satyr.
From the waist up, he looks like a typical gangly
teenager with a peach-fuzz goatee and a bad case of acne.
He walks with a
strange limp, but unless you happen to catch him without his pants on (which
I don’t recommend), you’d never know there was anything unhuman about
him.
Baggy jeans and fake feet hide the fact that he’s got furry hindquarters
and hooves.
Grover had been my best friend in sixth grade.
Anyway, in my dream, Grover was hauling goat tail, holding his human
shoes in his hands the way he does when he needs to move fast.
He clopped
past the little tourist shops and surfboard rental places.
The wind bent the
palm trees almost to the ground.
Grover was terrified of something behind him.
He must’ve just come
from the beach.
Wet sand was caked in his fur.
He’d escaped from
somewhere.
He was trying to get away from…something.
A bone-rattling growl cut through the storm.
Behind Grover, at the far
end of the block, a shadowy figure loomed.
It swatted aside a street lamp,
which burst in a shower of sparks.
Grover stumbled, whimpering in fear.
He muttered to himself, Have to
get away.
Have to warn them!
I couldn’t see what was chasing him, but I could hear it muttering and
cursing.
The ground shook as it got closer.
Grover dashed around a street
corner and faltered.
He’d run into a dead-end courtyard full of shops.
No time
to back up.
The nearest door had been blown open by the storm.
The sign
above the darkened display window read: ST. AUGUSTINE BRIDAL BOUTIQUE.
Grover dashed inside.
He dove behind a rack of wedding dresses.
The monster’s shadow passed in front of the shop.
I could smell the thing
—a sickening combination of wet sheep wool and rotten meat and that weird
sour body odor only monsters have, like a skunk that’s been living off
Mexican food.
Grover trembled behind the wedding dresses.
The monster’s shadow
passed on.
Silence except for the rain.
Grover took a deep breath.
Maybe the thing

was gone.
Then lightning flashed.
The entire front of the store exploded, and a
monstrous voice bellowed: “MIIIIINE!”
I sat bolt upright, shivering in my bed.
There was no storm.
No monster.
Morning sunlight filtered through my bedroom window.
I thought I saw a shadow flicker across the glass—a humanlike shape.
But then there was a knock on my bedroom door—my mom called: “Percy,
you’re going to be late”—and the shadow at the window disappeared.
It must’ve been my imagination.
A fifth-story window with a rickety old
fire escape…there couldn’t have been anyone out there.
“Come on, dear,” my mother called again.
“Last day of school.
You
should be excited!
You’ve almost made it!”
“Coming,” I managed.
I felt under my pillow.
My fingers closed reassuringly around the
ballpoint pen I always slept with.
I brought it out, studied the Ancient Greek
writing engraved on the side: Anaklusmos.
Riptide.
I thought about uncapping it, but something held me back.
I hadn’t used
Riptide for so long.
…
Besides, my mom had made me promise not to use deadly weapons in the
apartment after I’d swung a javelin the wrong way and taken out her china
cabinet.
I put Anaklusmos on my nightstand and dragged myself out of bed.
I got dressed as quickly as I could.
I tried not to think about my nightmare
or monsters or the shadow at my window.
Have to get away.
Have to warn them!
What had Grover meant?
I made a three-fingered claw over my heart and pushed outward—an
ancient gesture Grover had once taught me for warding off evil.
The dream couldn’t have been real.
Last day of school.
My mom was right, I should have been excited.
For
the first time in my life, I’d almost made it an entire year without getting
expelled.
No weird accidents.
No fights in the classroom.
No teachers turning
into monsters and trying to kill me with poisoned cafeteria food or exploding
homework.
Tomorrow, I’d be on my way to my favorite place in the world—
Camp Half-Blood.
Only one more day to go.
Surely even I couldn’t mess that up.
As usual, I didn’t have a clue how wrong I was.
My mom made blue waffles and blue eggs for breakfast.
She’s funny that way, celebrating special occasions with blue food.
I
think it’s her way of saying anything is possible.
Percy can pass seventh
grade.
Waffles can be blue.
Little miracles like that.
I ate at the kitchen table while my mom washed dishes.
She was dressed
in her work uniform—a starry blue skirt and a red-and-white striped blouse
she wore to sell candy at Sweet on America.
Her long brown hair was pulled
back in a ponytail.
The waffles tasted great, but I guess I wasn’t digging in like I usually did.
My mom looked over and frowned.
“Percy, are you all right?”
“Yeah…fine.”
But she could always tell when something was bothering me.
She dried
her hands and sat down across from me.
“School, or…”

She didn’t need to finish.
I knew what she was asking.
“I think Grover’s in trouble,” I said, and I told her about my dream.
She pursed her lips.
We didn’t talk much about the other part of my life.
We tried to live as normally as possible, but my mom knew all about Grover.
“I wouldn’t be too worried, dear,” she said.
“Grover is a big satyr now.
If
there were a problem, I’m sure we would’ve heard from…from camp.
…”
Her shoulders tensed as she said the word camp.
“What is it?”
I asked.
“Nothing,” she said.
“I’ll tell you what.
This afternoon we’ll celebrate the
end of school.
I’ll take you and Tyson to Rockefeller Center—to that
skateboard shop you like.”
Oh, man, that was tempting.
We were always struggling with money.
Between my mom’s night classes and my private school tuition, we could
never afford to do special stuff like shop for a skateboard.
But something in
her voice bothered me.
“Wait a minute,” I said.
“I thought we were packing me up for camp
tonight.”
She twisted her dishrag.
“Ah, dear, about that…I got a message from
Chiron last night.”
My heart sank.
Chiron was the activities director at Camp Half-Blood.
He
wouldn’t contact us unless something serious was going on.
“What did he
say?”
“He thinks…it might not be safe for you to come to camp just yet.
We
might have to postpone.”
“Postpone?
Mom, how could it not be safe?
I’m a half-blood!
It’s like the
only safe place on earth for me!”

“Usually, dear.
But with the problems they’re having—”
“What problems?”
“Percy…I’m very, very sorry.
I was hoping to talk to you about it this
afternoon.
I can’t explain it all now.
I’m not even sure Chiron can.
Everything happened so suddenly.”
My mind was reeling.
How could I not go to camp?
I wanted to ask a
million questions, but just then the kitchen clock chimed the half-hour.
My mom looked almost relieved.
“Seven-thirty, dear.
You should go.
Tyson will be waiting.”
“But—”
“Percy, we’ll talk this afternoon.
Go on to school.”
That was the last thing I wanted to do, but my mom had this fragile look
in her eyes—a kind of warning, like if I pushed her too hard she’d start to
cry.
Besides, she was right about my friend Tyson.
I had to meet him at the
subway station on time or he’d get upset.
He was scared of traveling
underground alone.
I gathered up my stuff, but I stopped in the doorway.
“Mom, this problem
at camp.
Does it…could it have anything to do with my dream about
Grover?”
She wouldn’t meet my eyes.
“We’ll talk this afternoon, dear.
I’ll
explain…as much as I can.”
Reluctantly, I told her good-bye.
I jogged downstairs to catch the Number
Two train.
I didn’t know it at the time, but my mom and I would never get to have
our afternoon talk.
In fact, I wouldn’t be seeing home for a long, long time.
As I stepped outside, I glanced at the brownstone building across the
street.
Just for a second I saw a dark shape in the morning sunlight—a human
silhouette against the brick wall, a shadow that belonged to no one.
Then it rippled and vanished.
Keep reading for a sneak peek at Magnus Chase and
the Gods of Asgard, Book One: The Sword of Summer!

GOOD MORNING!
YOU’RE GOING TO DIE.
YEAH, I KNOW.
You guys are going to read about how I died in agony, and
you’re going be like, “Wow!
That sounds cool, Magnus!
Can I die in agony
too?”
No.
Just no.
Don’t go jumping off any rooftops.
Don’t run into the highway or set
yourself on fire.
It doesn’t work that way.
You will not end up where I ended
up.
Besides, you wouldn’t want to deal with my situation.
Unless you’ve got
some crazy desire to see undead warriors hacking one another to pieces,
swords flying up giants’ noses, and dark elves in snappy outfits, you
shouldn’t even think about finding the wolf-headed gates.
My name is Magnus Chase.
I’m sixteen years old.
This is the story of
how my life went downhill after I got myself killed.
My day started out normally enough.
I was sleeping on the sidewalk under a
bridge in the Public Garden when a guy kicked me awake and said, “They’re
after you.”
By the way, I’ve been homeless for the past two years.
Some of you may think, Aw, how sad.
Others may think, Ha, ha, loser!
But if you saw me on the street, ninety-nine percent of you would walk right
past like I’m invisible.
You’d pray, Don’t let him ask me for money.
You’d
wonder if I’m older than I look, because surely a teenager wouldn’t be

wrapped in a stinky old sleeping bag, stuck outside in the middle of a Boston
winter.
Somebody should help that poor boy!
Then you’d keep walking.
Whatever.
I don’t need your sympathy.
I’m used to being laughed at.
I’m
definitely used to being ignored.
Let’s move on.
The bum who woke me was a guy called Blitz.
As usual, he looked like
he’d been running through a dirty hurricane.
His wiry black hair was full of
paper scraps and twigs.
His face was the color of saddle leather, flecked with
ice.
His beard curled in all directions.
Snow caked the bottom of his trench
coat where it dragged around his feet—Blitz being about five feet five—and
his eyes were so dilated, the irises were all pupil.
His permanently alarmed
expression made him look like he might start screaming any second.
I blinked the gunk out of my eyes.
My mouth tasted like day-old
hamburger.
My sleeping bag was warm, and I really didn’t want to get out of
it.
“Who’s after me?”
“Not sure.”
Blitz rubbed his nose, which had been broken so many times
it zigzagged like a lightning bolt.
“They’re handing out flyers with your name
and picture.”
I cursed.
Random police and park rangers I could deal with.
Truant
officers, community service volunteers, drunken college kids, addicts looking
to roll somebody small and weak—all those would’ve been as easy to wake
up to as pancakes and orange juice.
But when somebody knew my name and my face—that was bad.
That
meant they were targeting me specifically.
Maybe the folks at the shelter
were mad at me for breaking their stereo.
(Those Christmas carols had been
driving me crazy.)
Maybe a security camera caught that last bit of
pickpocketing I did in the Theater District.
(Hey, I needed money for pizza.)
Or maybe, unlikely as it seemed, the police were still looking for me, wanting
to ask questions about my mom’s murder….
I packed my stuff, which took about three seconds.
The sleeping bag
rolled up tight and fit in my backpack with my toothbrush and a change of
socks and underwear.
Except for the clothes on my back, that’s all I owned.
With the backpack over my shoulder and the hood of my jacket pulled low, I
could blend in with pedestrian traffic pretty well.
Boston was full of college
kids.
Some of them were even more scraggly and younger-looking than me.
I turned to Blitz.
“Where’d you see these people with the flyers?”

“Beacon Street.
They’re coming this way.
Middle-aged white guy and a
teenage girl, probably his daughter.”
I frowned.
“That makes no sense.
Who—”
“I don’t know, kid, but I gotta go.”
Blitz squinted at the sunrise, which
was turning the skyscraper windows orange.
For reasons I’d never quite
understood, Blitz hated the daylight.
Maybe he was the world’s shortest,
stoutest homeless vampire.
“You should go see Hearth.
He’s hanging out in
Copley Square.”
I tried not to feel irritated.
The local street people jokingly called Hearth
and Blitz my mom and dad because one or the other always seemed to be
hovering around me.
“I appreciate it,” I said.
“I’ll be fine.”
Blitz chewed his thumbnail.
“I dunno, kid.
Not today.
You gotta be extra
careful.”
“Why?”
He glanced over my shoulder.
“They’re coming.”
I didn’t see anybody.
When I turned back, Blitz was gone.
I hated it when he did that.
Just—poof.
The guy was like a ninja.
A
homeless vampire ninja.
Now I had a choice: go to Copley Square and hang out with Hearth, or
head toward Beacon Street and try to spot the people who were looking for
me.
Blitz’s description of them made me curious.
A middle-aged white guy
and a teenage girl searching for me at sunrise on a bitter-cold morning.
Why?
Who were they?
I crept along the edge of the pond.
Almost nobody took the lower trail
under the bridge.
I could hug the side of the hill and spot anyone approaching
on the higher path without them seeing me.
Snow coated the ground.
The sky was eye-achingly blue.
The bare tree
branches looked like they’d been dipped in glass.
The wind cut through my
layers of clothes, but I didn’t mind the cold.
My mom used to joke that I was
half polar bear.
Dammit, Magnus, I chided myself.
After two years, my memories of her were still a minefield.
I stumbled
over one, and instantly my composure was blown to bits.
I tried to focus.
The man and the girl were coming this way.
The man’s sandy hair grew

over his collar—not like an intentional style, but like he couldn’t be bothered
to cut it.
His baffled expression reminded me of a substitute teacher’s: I know
I was hit by a spit wad, but I have no idea where it came from.
His dress
shoes were totally wrong for a Boston winter.
His socks were different shades
of brown.
His tie looked like it had been tied while he spun around in total
darkness.
The girl was definitely his daughter.
Her hair was just as thick and wavy,
though lighter blond.
She was dressed more sensibly in snow boots, jeans,
and a parka, with an orange T-shirt peeking out at the neckline.
Her
expression was more determined, angry.
She gripped a sheaf of flyers like
they were essays she’d been graded on unfairly.
If she was looking for me, I did not want to be found.
She was scary.
I didn’t recognize her or her dad, but something tugged at the back of my
skull…like a magnet trying to pull out a very old memory.
Father and daughter stopped where the path forked.
They looked around
as if just now realizing they were standing in the middle of a deserted park at
no-thank-you o’clock in the dead of winter.
“Unbelievable,” said the girl.
“I want to strangle him.”
Assuming she meant me, I hunkered down a little more.
Her dad sighed.
“We should probably avoid killing him.
He is your
uncle.”
“But two years?”
the girl demanded.
“Dad, how could he not tell us for
two years?”
“I can’t explain Randolph’s actions.
I turned and saw my friend Grover running
for his life.
Yeah, I said hooves.
Grover is a satyr.
From the waist up, he looks like a typical gangly teenager with a peach-fuzz
goatee and a bad case of acne.
He walks with a strange limp, but unless you happen to catch him
without his pants on (which I don’t recommend), you’d never know there was anything un-human
about him.
Baggy jeans and fake feet hide the fact that he’s got furry hindquarters and hooves.
Grover had been my best friend in sixth grade.
Anyway, in my dream, Grover was hauling goat tail, holding his human shoes in his hands the way
he does when he needs to move fast.
He clopped past the little tourist shops and surfboard rental
places.
The wind bent the palm trees almost to the ground.
Grover was terrified of something behind him.
He must’ve just come from the beach.
Wet sand
was caked in his fur.
He’d escaped from somewhere.
He was trying to get away from … something.
A bone-rattling growl cut through the storm.
Behind Grover, at the far end of the block, a shadowy
figure loomed.
It swatted aside a street lamp, which burst in a shower of sparks.
Grover stumbled, whimpering in fear.
He muttered to himself, Have to get away.
Have to warn
them!
I couldn’t see what was chasing him, but I could hear it muttering and cursing.
The ground shook
as it got closer.
Grover dashed around a street corner and faltered.
He’d run into a dead-end
courtyard full of shops.
No time to back up.
The nearest door had been blown open by the storm.
The
sign above the darkened display window read: ST. AUGUSTINE BRIDAL BOUTIQUE.
Grover dashed inside.
He dove behind a rack of wedding dresses.
The monster’s shadow passed in front of the shop.
I could smell the thing-a sickening combination
of wet sheep wool and rotten meat and that weird sour body odor only monsters have, like a skunk
that’s been living off Mexican food.
Grover trembled behind the wedding dresses.
The monster’s shadow passed on.
Silence except for the rain.
Grover took a deep breath.
Maybe the thing was gone.
Then lightning flashed.
The entire front of the store exploded, and a monstrous voice bellowed:
“MIIIIINE!”
I sat bolt upright, shivering in my bed.
There was no storm.
No monster.
Morning sunlight filtered through my bedroom window.
I thought I saw a shadow flicker across the glass-a humanlike shape.
But then there was a knock
on my bedroom door-my mom called: “Percy, you’re going to be late”-and the shadow at the window
disappeared.
It must’ve been my imagination.
A fifth-story window with a rickety old fire escape … there
couldn’t have been anyone out there.
“Come on, dear,” my mother called again.
“Last day of school.
You should be excited!
You’ve
almost made it.’”
“Coming,” I managed.
I felt under my pillow.
My fingers closed reassuringly around the ballpoint pen I always slept
with.
I brought it out, studied the Ancient Greek writing engraved on the side: Anaklusmos.
Riptide.
I thought about uncapping it, but something held me back.
I hadn’t used Riptide for so long….
Besides, my mom had made me promise not to use deadly weapons in the apartment after I’d
swung a javelin the wrong way and taken out her china cabinet.
I put Anaklusmos on my nightstand
and dragged myself out of bed.
I got dressed as quickly as I could.
I tried not to think about my nightmare or monsters or the
shadow at my window.
Have to get away.
Have to warn them!
What had Grover meant?
I made a three-fingered claw over my heart and pushed outward-an ancient gesture Grover had
once taught me for warding off evil.
The dream couldn’t have been real.
Last day of school.
My mom was right, I should have been excited.
For the first time in my life,
I’d almost made it an entire year without getting expelled.
No weird accidents.
No fights in the
classroom.
No teachers turning into monsters and trying to kill me with poisoned cafeteria food or
exploding homework.
Tomorrow, I’d be on my way to my favorite place in the world-Camp HalfBlood.
Only one more day to go.
Surely even I couldn’t mess that up.
As usual, I didn’t have a clue how wrong I was.
My mom made blue waffles and blue eggs for breakfast.
She’s funny that way, celebrating special
occasions with blue food.
I think it’s her way of saying anything is possible.
Percy can pass seventh
grade.
Waffles can be blue.
Little miracles like that.
I ate at the kitchen table while my mom washed dishes.
She was dressed in her work uniform-a
starry blue skirt and a red-and-white striped blouse she wore to sell candy at Sweet on America.
Her
long brown hair was pulled back in a ponytail.
The waffles tasted great, but I guess I wasn’t digging in like I usually did.
My mom looked over
and frowned.
“Percy, are you all right?”
“Yeah … fine.”
But she could always tell when something was bothering me.
She dried her hands and sat down
across from me.
“School, or …”
She didn’t need to finish.
I knew what she was asking.
“I think Grover’s in trouble,” I said, and I told her about my dream.
She pursed her lips.
We didn’t talk much about the other part of my life.
We tried to live as

normally as possible, but my mom knew all about Grover.
“I wouldn’t be too worried, dear,” she said.
“Grover is a big satyr now.
If there were a problem,
I’m sure we would’ve heard from … from camp… .”
Her shoulders tensed as she said the word
camp.
“What is it?”
I asked.
“Nothing,” she said.
“I’ll tell you what.
This afternoon we’ll celebrate the end of school.
I’ll take
you and Tyson to Rockefeller Center-to that skateboard shop you like.”
Oh, man, that was tempting.
We were always struggling with money.
Between my mom’s night
classes and my private school tuition, we could never afford to do special stuff like shop for a
skateboard.
But something in her voice bothered me.
“Wait a minute,” I said.
“I thought we were packing me up for camp tonight.”
She twisted her dishrag.
“Ah, dear, about that … I got a message from Chiron last night.”
My heart sank.
Chiron was the activities director at Camp Half-Blood.
He wouldn’t contact us
unless something serious was going on.
“What did he say?”
“He thinks … it might not be safe for you to come to camp just yet.
We might have to postpone.”
“Postpone?
Mom, how could it not be safe?
I’m a half-blood!
It’s like the only safe place on earth
for me!”
“Usually, dear.
But with the problems they’re having-“
“What problems?”
“Percy … I’m very, very sorry.
I was hoping to talk to you about it this afternoon.
I can’t explain
it all now.
I’m not even sure Chiron can.
Everything happened so suddenly.”
My mind was reeling.
How could I not go to camp?
I wanted to ask a million questions, but just
then the kitchen clock chimed the half-hour.
My mom looked almost relieved.
“Seven-thirty, dear.
You should go.
Tyson will be waiting.”
“But-“
“Percy, we’ll talk this afternoon.
Go on to school.”
That was the last thing I wanted to do, but my mom had this fragile look in her eyes-a kind of
warning, like if I pushed her too hard she’d start to cry.
Besides, she was right about my friend Tyson.
I had to meet him at the subway station on time or he’d get upset.
He was scared of traveling
underground alone.
I gathered up my stuff, but I stopped in the doorway.
“Mom, this problem at camp.
Does it…
could it have anything to do with my dream about Grover?”
She wouldn’t meet my eyes.
“We’ll talk this afternoon, dear.
I’ll explain … as much as I can.”
Reluctantly, I told her good-bye.
I jogged downstairs to catch the Number Two train.
I didn’t know it at the time, but my mom and I would never get to have our afternoon talk.
In fact, I wouldn’t be seeing home for a long, long time.
As I stepped outside, I glanced at the brownstone building across the street.
Just for a second I
saw a dark shape in the morning sunlight-a human silhouette against the brick wall, a shadow that
belonged to no one.
Then it rippled and vanished.
Percy Jackson 2 - The Sea Monsters
TWO
I PLAY DODGEBALL
WITH CANNIBALS
My day started normal.
Or as normal as it ever gets at Meriwether College Prep.
See, it’s this “progressive” school in downtown Manhattan, which means we sit on beanbag
chairs instead of at desks, and we don’t get grades, and the teachers wear jeans and rock concert Tshirts to work.
That’s all cool with me.
I mean, I’m ADHD and dyslexic, like most half-bloods, so I’d never
done that great in regular schools even before they kicked me out.
The only bad thing about
Meriwether was that the teachers always looked on the bright side of things, and the kids weren’t
always … well, bright.
Take my first class today: English.
The whole middle school had read this book called Lord of
the Flies, where all these kids get marooned on an island and go psycho.
So for our final exam, our
teachers sent us into the break yard to spend an hour with no adult supervision to see what would
happen.
What happened was a massive wedgie contest between the seventh and eighth graders, two
pebble fights, and a full-tackle basketball game.
The school bully, Matt Sloan, led most of those
activities.
Sloan wasn’t big or strong, but he acted like he was.
He had eyes like a pit bull, and shaggy black
hair, and he always dressed in expensive but sloppy clothes, like he wanted everybody to see how
little he cared about his family’s money.
One of his front teeth was chipped from the time he’d taken
his daddy’s Porsche for a joyride and run into a PLEASE SLOW DOWN FOR CHILDREN sign.
Anyway, Sloan was giving everybody wedgies until he made the mistake of trying it on my friend
Tyson.
Tyson was the only homeless kid at Meriwether College Prep.
As near as my mom
and I could
figure, he’d been abandoned by his parents when he was very young, probably because he was so …
different.
He was six-foot-three and built like the Abominable Snowman, but he cried a lot and was
scared of just about everything, including his own reflection.
His face was kind of misshapen and
brutal-looking.
I couldn’t tell you what color his eyes were, because I could never make myself look
higher than his crooked teeth.
His voice was deep, but he talked funny, like a much younger kid-I
guess because he’d never gone to school before coming to Meriwether.
He wore tattered jeans, grimy
size-twenty sneakers, and a plaid flannel shirt with holes in it.
He smelled like a New York City
alleyway, because that’s where he lived, in a cardboard refrigerator box off 72nd Street.
Meriwether Prep had adopted him as a community service project so all the students could feel
good about themselves.
Unfortunately, most of them couldn’t stand Tyson.
Once they discovered he
was a big softie, despite his massive strength and his scary looks, they made themselves feel good by
picking on him.
I was pretty much his only friend, which meant he was my only friend.
My mom had complained to the school a million times that they weren’t doing enough to help him.
She’d called social services, but nothing ever seemed to happen.
The social workers claimed Tyson
didn’t exist.
They swore up and down that they’d visited the alley we described and couldn’t find
him, though how you miss a giant kid living in a refrigerator box, I don’t know.
Anyway, Matt Sloan snuck up behind him and tried to give him a wedgie, and Tyson panicked.
He
swatted Sloan away a little too hard.
Sloan flew fifteen feet and got tangled in the little kids’ tire
swing.
“You freak!”
Sloan yelled.
“Why don’t you go back to your cardboard box!”
Tyson started sobbing.
He sat down on the jungle gym so hard he bent the bar, and buried his head
in his hands.
“Take it back, Sloan!”
I shouted.
Sloan just sneered at me.
“Why do you even bother, Jackson?
You might have friends if you
weren’t always sticking up for that freak.”
I balled my fists.
I hoped my face wasn’t as red as it felt.
“He’s not a freak.
He’s just…”
I tried to think of the right thing to say, but Sloan wasn’t listening.
He and his big ugly friends
were too busy laughing.
I wondered if it were my imagination, or if Sloan had more goons hanging
around him than usual.
I was used to seeing him with two or three, but today he had like, half a dozen
more, and I was pretty sure I’d never seen them before.
“Just wait till PE, Jackson,” Sloan called.
“You are so dead.”
When first period ended, our English teacher, Mr. de Milo, came outside to inspect the carnage.
He pronounced that we’d understood Lord of the Flies perfectly.
We all passed his course, and we
should never, never grow up to be violent people.
Matt Sloan nodded earnestly, then gave me a chiptoothed grin.
I had to promise to buy Tyson an extra peanut butter sandwich at lunch to get him to stop sobbing.
“I … I am a freak?”
he asked me.
“No,” I promised, gritting my teeth.
“Matt Sloan is the freak.”
Tyson sniffled.
“You are a good friend.
Miss you next year if … if I can’t …”
His voice trembled.
I realized he didn’t know if he’d be invited back next year for the community
service project.
I wondered if the headmaster had even bothered talking to him about it.
“Don’t worry, big guy,” I managed.
“Everything’s going to be fine.”
Tyson gave me such a grateful look I felt like a big liar.
How could I promise a kid like him that
anything would be fine?
Our next exam was science.
Mrs. Tesla told us that we had to mix chemicals until we succeeded
in making something explode, Tyson was my lab partner.
His hands were way too big for the tiny
vials we were supposed to use.
He accidentally knocked a tray of chemicals off the counter and made
an orange mushroom cloud in the trash can.
After Mrs. Tesla evacuated the lab and called the hazardous waste removal squad, she praised
Tyson and me for being natural chemists.
We were the first ones who’d ever aced her exam in under
thirty seconds.
I was glad the morning went fast, because it kept me from thinking too much about my problems.
I
couldn’t stand the idea that something might be wrong at camp.
Even worse, I couldn’t shake the
memory of my bad dream.
I had a terrible feeling that Grover was in danger.
In social studies, while we were drawing latitude/longitude maps, I opened my notebook and
stared at the photo inside-my friend Annabeth on vacation in Washington, D.C.
She was wearing
jeans and a denim jacket over her orange Camp Half-Blood T-shirt.
Her blond hair was pulled back
in a bandanna.
She was standing in front of the Lincoln Memorial with her arms crossed, looking
extremely pleased with herself, like she’d personally designed the place.
“Have you been having the dreams?”
“The dreams … about Grover?”
Her face turned pale.
“Grover?
No, what about Grover?”
I told her my dream.
“Why?
What were you dreaming about?”
Her eyes looked stormy, like her mind was racing a million miles an hour.
“Camp,” she said at last.
“Big trouble at camp.”
“My mom was saying the same thing!
But what kind of trouble?”
“I don’t know exactly.
Something’s wrong.
We have to get there right away.
Monsters have been

chasing me all the way from Virginia, trying to stop me.
Have you had a lot of attacks?”
I shook my head.
“None all year … until today.”
“None?
But how …” Her eyes drifted to Tyson.
“Oh.”
“What do you mean, ‘oh’?”
Tyson raised his hand like he was still in class.
“Canadians in the gym called Percy something …
Son of the Sea God?”
And another friend of mine, Grover … he might be
in trouble.
I keep feeling like I should be doing something to help, but I don’t know what.”
Tyson said nothing.
“I’m sorry,” I told him.
“It’s not your fault.
I’m mad at Poseidon.
I feel like he’s trying to
embarrass me, like he’s trying to compare us or something, and I don’t understand why.”
I heard a deep rumbling sound.
Tyson was snoring.
I sighed.
“Good night, big guy.”
And I closed my eyes, too.
In my dream, Grover was wearing a wedding dress.
It didn’t fit him very well.
The gown was too long and the hem was caked with dried mud.
The
neckline kept falling off his shoulders.
A tattered veil covered his face.
He was standing in a dank cave, lit only by torches.
There was a cot in one corner and an oldfashioned loom in the other, a length of white cloth half woven on the frame.
And he was staring right
at me, like I was a TV program he’d been waiting for.
“Thank the gods!”
he yelped.
“Can you hear
me?”
My dream-self was slow to respond.
I was still looking around, taking in the stalactite ceiling, the
stench of sheep and goats, the growling and grumbling and bleating sounds that seemed to echo from
behind a refrigerator-sized boulder, which was blocking the room’s only exit, as if there were a much
larger cavern beyond it.
“Percy?”
Grover said.
“Please, I don’t have the strength to project any better.
You have to hear
me!”
“I hear you,” I said.
“Grover, what’s going on?”
From behind the boulder, a monstrous voice yelled, “Honeypie!
Are you done yet?”
Grover flinched.
He called out in falsetto, “Not quite, dearest!
A few more days!”
“Bah!
Hasn’t it been two weeks yet?”

“N-no, dearest.
Just five days.
That leaves twelve more to go.”
The monster was silent, maybe trying to do the math.
He must’ve been worse at arithmetic than I
was, because he said, “All right, but hurry!
I want to SEEEEE under that veil, heh-heh-heh.”
Grover turned back to me.
“You have to help me!
No time!
I’m stuck in this cave.
On an island in
the sea.”
“Where?”
“I don’t know exactly!
I went to Florida and turned left.”
“What?
How did you-“
“It’s a trap!”
Grover said.
“It’s the reason no satyr has ever returned from this quest.
He’s a
shepherd, Percy!
And he has it.
Its nature magic is so powerful it smells just like the great god Pan!
The satyrs come here thinking they’ve found Pan, and they get trapped and eaten by Polyphemus!”
“Poly-who?”
“The Cyclops!”
Grover said, exasperated.
“I almost got away.
I made it all the way to St.
Augustine.”
“But he followed you,” I said, remembering my first dream.
“And trapped you in a bridal
boutique.”
“That’s right,” Grover said.
“My first empathy link must’ve worked then.
Look, this bridal dress
is the only thing keeping me alive.
He thinks I smell good, but I told him it was just goat-scented
perfume.
Thank goodness he can’t see very well.
His eye is still half blind from the last time
somebody poked it out.
But soon he’ll realize what I am.
He’s only giving me two weeks to finish the
bridal train, and he’s getting impatient!”
“Wait a minute.
This Cyclops thinks you’re-“
“Yes!”
Grover wailed.
“He thinks I’m a lady Cyclops and he wants to marry me!”
Under different circumstances, I might’ve busted out laughing, but Grover’s voice was deadly
serious.
He was shaking with fear.
“I’ll come rescue you,” I promised.
“Where are you?”
“The Sea of Monsters, of course!”
“The sea of what?”
“I told you!
I don’t know exactly where!
And look, Percy … urn, I’m really sorry about this, but
this empathy link … well, I had no choice.
Our emotions are connected now.
If I die …”
“Don’t tell me, I’ll die too.”
“Oh, well, perhaps not.
You might live for years in a vegetative state.
But, uh, it would be a lot
better if you got me out of here.”
“Honeypie!”
the monster bellowed.
“Dinnertime!
Yummy yummy sheep meat!”
Grover whimpered.
“I have to go.
Hurry!”
“Wait!
You said ‘it’ was here.
What?”
But Grover’s voice was already growing fainter.
“Sweet dreams.
Don’t let me die!”
The dream faded and I woke with a start.
It was early morning.
Tyson was staring down at me, his
one big brown eye full of concern.
“Are you okay?”
he asked.
His voice sent a chill down my back, because he sounded almost exactly like the monster I’d
heard in my dream.
The morning of the race was hot and humid.
Fog lay low on the ground like sauna steam.
Millions
of birds were roosting in the trees-fat gray-and-white pigeons, except they didn’t coo like regular
pigeons.
They made this annoying metallic screeching sound that reminded me of submarine radar.
The racetrack had been built in a grassy field between the archery range and the woods.
Hephaestus’s cabin had used the bronze bulls, which were completely tame since they’d had their
heads smashed in, to plow an oval track in a matter of minutes.
There were rows of stone steps for the spectators- Tantalus, the satyrs, a few dryads, and all of
the campers who weren’t participating.
Mr. D didn’t show.
He never got up before ten o’clock.
“Right!”
Tantalus announced as the teams began to assemble.
A naiad had brought him a big
platter of pastries, and as Tantalus spoke, his right hand chased a chocolate eclair across the judge’s
table.
“You all know the rules.
A quarter-mile track.
Twice around to win.
Two horses per chariot.
Each team will consist of a driver and a fighter.
Weapons are allowed.
Dirty tricks are expected.
But
try not to kill anybody!”
Tantalus smiled at us like we were all naughty children.
“Any killing will
result in harsh punishment.
No s’mores at the campfire for a week!
Now ready your chariots!”
Beckendorf led the Hephaestus team onto the track.
They had a sweet ride made of bronze and
iron-even the horses, which were magical automatons like the Colchis bulls.
I had no doubt that their
chariot had all kinds of mechanical traps and more fancy options than a fully loaded Maserati.
The Ares chariot was bloodred, and pulled by two grisly horse skeletons.
Clarisse climbed
aboard with a batch of javelins, spiked balls, caltrops, and a bunch of other nasty toys.
Apollo’s chariot was trim and graceful and completely gold, pulled by two beautiful palominos.
Their fighter was armed with a bow, though he had promised not to shoot regular pointed arrows at
the opposing drivers.
Hermes’s chariot was green and kind of old-looking, as if it hadn’t been out of the garage in
years.
It didn’t look like anything special, but it was manned by the Stoll brothers, and I shuddered to
think what dirty tricks they’d schemed up.
Like Grover would just happen to stumble across the one thing that could save the
camp.”
“What do you mean?”
She rolled her eyes.
“Go back to your chariot, Percy.”
“I’m not making this up.
After listening to my dream about Grover again, she looked like she might be
starting to believe me.
“If he’s really found it,” she murmured, “and if we could retrieve it-“
“Hold on,” I said.
“You act like this … whatever-it-is Grover found is the only thing in the world
that could save the camp.
What is it?”
“I’ll give you a hint.
What do you get when you skin a ram?”
“Messy?”
She sighed.
“A fleece.
The coat of a ram is called a fleece.
And if that ram happens to have
golden wool-“
“The Golden Fleece.
Are you serious?”
Annabeth scrapped a plateful of death-bird bones into the lava.
“Percy, remember the Gray
Sisters?
They said they knew the location of the thing you seek.
And they mentioned Jason.
Three
thousand years ago, they told him how to find the Golden Fleece.
You do know the story of Jason and
the Argonauts?”
“Yeah,” I said.
“That old movie with the clay skeletons.”
Annabeth rolled her eyes.
“Oh my gods, Percy!
You are so hopeless.”
“What?” I demanded.
“Just listen.
“Are you going to help me rescue Grover or not?”
She glanced at Tyson, who’d lost interest in our conversation and was happily making toy boats
out of cups and spoons in the lava.
“Percy,” she said under her breath, “we’ll have to fight a Cyclops.
Polyphemus, the worst of the
Cyclopes.
And there’s only one place his island could be.
The Sea of Monsters.”
“Where’s that?”
She stared at me like she thought I was playing dumb.
“The Sea of Monsters.
The same sea
Odysseus sailed through, and Jason, and Aeneas, and all the others.”
“You mean the Mediterranean?”
“No.
Well, yes … but no.”
“Another straight answer.
Thanks.”
“Look, Percy, the Sea of Monsters is the sea all heroes sail through on their adventures.
It used to
be in the Mediterranean, yes.
But like everything else, it shifts locations as the West’s center of
power shifts.”
“Like Mount Olympus being above the Empire State Building,” I said.
“And Hades being under
Los Angeles.”
“Right.”
“But a whole sea full of monsters-how could you hide something like that?
Wouldn’t the mortals
notice weird things happening … like, ships getting eaten and stuff?”
“Of course they notice.
They don’t understand, but they know something is strange about that part
of the ocean.
The Sea of Monsters is off the east coast of the U.S. now, just northeast of Florida.
The
mortals even have a name for it.”
“The Bermuda Triangle?”
“Exactly.”
I let that sink in.
I guess it wasn’t stranger than anything else I’d learned since coming to Camp
Half-Blood.
“Okay … so at least we know where to look.”
“It’s still a huge area, Percy.
Searching for one tiny island in monster-infested waters-“
“Hey, I’m the son of the sea god.
This is my home turf.
How hard can it be?”
Annabeth knit her eyebrows.
“We’ll have to talk to Tantalus, get approval for a quest.
He’ll say
no.”
“Not if we tell him tonight at the campfire in front of everybody.
The whole camp will hear.
They’ll pressure him.
He won’t be able to refuse.”
“Maybe.”
I was going to save Grover and the camp.
Nothing would stop me.
“I will allow our champion to consult the Oracle!”
Tantalus announced.
“And choose two
companions for the journey.
I remembered that Grover, like all satyrs, could read human emotions.
I wondered if Cyclopes
had the same ability.
Tyson folded up his tinkering project in an oilcloth.
He lay down on his bunk bed and hugged his
bundle like a teddy bear.
When he turned toward the wall, I could see the weird scars on his back,
like somebody had plowed over him with a tractor.
I wondered for the millionth time how he’d gotten
hurt.
“Daddy always cared for m-me,” he sniffled.
“Now … I think he was mean to have a Cyclops
boy.
I should not have been born.”

“Don’t talk that way!
If the empathy link was real … if something happened to Grover …
would I ever wake up?
The full moon shone through my window.
The sound of the surf rumbled in the distance.
I could
smell the warm scent of the strawberry fields, and hear the laughter of the dryads as they chased owls
through the forest.
But something felt wrong about the night-the sickness of Thalia’s tree, spreading
across the valley.
Could Clarisse save Half-Blood Hill?
I thought the odds were better of me getting a “Best
Camper” award from Tantalus.
I got out of bed and pulled on some clothes.
I grabbed a beach blanket and a six-pack of Coke
from under my bunk.
The Cokes were against the rules.
No outside snacks or drinks were allowed,
but if you talked to the right guy in Hermes’s cabin and paid him a few golden drachma, he could
smuggle in almost anything from the nearest convenience store.
Sneaking out after curfew was against the rules, too.
If I got caught I’d either get in big trouble or
be eaten by the harpies.
But I wanted to see the ocean.
I always felt better there.
My thoughts were
clearer.
I left the cabin and headed for the beach.
I spread my blanket near the surf and popped open a Coke.
For some reason sugar and caffeine
always calmed down my hyperactive brain.
I tried to decide what to do to save the camp, but nothing
came to me.
I have to save Grover.”
Hermes smiled.
“I knew a boy once … oh, younger than you by far.
A mere baby, really.”
Here we go again, George said.
Always talking about himself
Quiet!
Martha snapped.
Do you want to get set on vibrate?
Hermes ignored them.
“One night, when this boy’s mother wasn’t watching, he sneaked out of
their cave and stole some cattle that belonged to Apollo.”
“Did he get blasted to tiny pieces?”
I asked.
“Hmm … no.
Actually, everything turned out quite well.
To make up for his theft, the boy gave
Apollo an instrument he’d invented-a lyre.
Apollo was so enchanted with the music that he forgot all
about being angry.”
“So what’s the moral?”
“The moral?”
Hermes asked.
“Goodness, you act like it’s a fable.
It’s a true story.
Does truth
have a moral?”
“Um …”
“How about this: stealing is not always bad?”
“I don’t think my mom would like that moral.”
Rats are delicious, suggested George.
What does that have to do with the story?
Martha demanded.
Nothing
, George said.
But I’m hungry.
“I’ve got it,” Hermes said.
“Young people don’t always do what they’re told, but if they can pull
it off and do something wonderful, sometimes they escape punishment.
How’s that?”
“You’re saying I should go anyway,” I said, “even without permission.”
Hermes’s eyes twinkled.
“Martha, may I have the first package, please?”
Martha opened her mouth … and kept opening it until it was as wide as my arm.
She belched out a
stainless steel canister-an old-fashioned lunch box thermos with a black plastic top.
The sides of the
thermos were enameled with red and yellow Ancient Greek scenes-a hero killing a lion; a hero lifting
up Cerberus, the three-headed dog.
“That’s Hercules,” I said.
“But how-“
“Never question a gift,” Hermes chided.
“This is a collector’s item from Hercules Busts Heads.
The first season.”
“Hercules Busts Heads?”

“Great show.”
Hermes sighed.
“Back before Hephaestus-TV was all reality programming.
Of
course, the thermos would be worth much more if I had the whole lunch box-
“
Or if it hadn’t been in Martha’s mouth, George added.
I’ll get you for that.
Martha began chasing him around the caduceus.
“Wait a minute,” I said.
“This is a gift?”
“One of two,” Hermes said.
“Go on, pick it up.”
I almost dropped it because it was freezing cold on one side and burning hot on the other.
The
weird thing was, when I turned the thermos, the side facing the ocean- north-was always the cold
side….
“It’s a compass!”
I said.
Hermes looked surprised.
“Very clever.
I never thought of that.
But its intended use is a bit more
dramatic.
Uncap it, and you will release the winds from the four corners of the earth to speed you on
your way.
Not now!
And please, when the time comes, only unscrew the lid a tiny bit.
The winds are
a bit like me-always restless.
Should all four escape at once … ah, but I’m sure you’ll be careful.
And now my second gift.
George?”
She’s touching me, George complained as he and Martha slithered around the pole.
“She’s always touching you,” Hermes said.
“You’re intertwined.
And if you don’t stop that, you’ll
get knotted again!
The snakes stopped wrestling.
George unhinged his jaw and coughed up a little plastic bottle filled with chewable vitamins.
“You’re kidding,” I said.
“Are those Minotaur-shaped?”
Hermes picked up the bottle and rattled it.
“The lemon ones, yes.
The grape ones are Furies, I
think.
Or are they hydras?
At any rate, these are potent.
Don’t take one unless you really, really need
it.”
“How will I know if I really, really need it?”
“You’ll know, believe me.
Nine essential vitamins, minerals, amino acids … oh, everything you
need to feel yourself again.”
He tossed me the bottle.
“Um, thanks,” I said.
“But Lord Hermes, why are you helping me?”
He gave me a melancholy smile.
“Perhaps because I hope that you can save many people on this
quest, Percy.
Not just your friend Grover.”
I stared at him.
Grover said in his falsetto voice.
“Just weaving my bridal train, as you can see.”
The Cyclops stuck one hand into the room and groped around until he found the loom.
He pawed
at the cloth.
“It hasn’t gotten any longer!”
“Oh, um, yes it has, dearest.
See?
I’ve added at least an inch.”
“Too many delays!”
the monster bellowed.
Then he sniffed the air.
“You smell good!
Like goats!”
“Oh.”
Grover forced a weak giggle.
“Do you like it?
It’s Eau de Chevre.
I wore it just for you.”
“Mmmm!”
The Cyclops bared his pointed teeth.
“Good enough to eat!”
“Oh, you’re such a flirt!”
“No more delays!”
“But dear, I’m not done!”
“Tomorrow!”
“No, no.
Ten more days.”
“Five!”
“Oh, well, seven then.
If you insist.”
“Seven!
That is less than five, right?”
“Certainly.
Oh yes.”
The monster grumbled, still not happy with his deal, but he left Grover to his weaving and rolled
the boulder back into place.
Grover closed his eyes and took a shaky breath, trying to calm his nerves.
“Hurry, Percy,” he muttered.
“Please, please, please!”
***
I woke to a ship’s whistle and a voice on the intercom- some guy with an Australian accent who
sounded way too happy.
“Good morning, passengers!
We’ll be at sea all day today.
Excellent weather for the poolside
mambo party!
Don’t forget million-dollar bingo in the Kraken Lounge at one o’clock, and for our
special guests, disemboweling practice on the Promenade!”
I sat up in bed.
“What did he say?”
Tyson groaned, still half asleep.
He was lying facedown on the couch, his feet so far over the
edge they were in the bathroom.
“The happy man said … bowling practice?”
I hoped he was right, but then there was an urgent knock on the suite’s interior door.
Annabeth
stuck her head in-her blond hair in a rat’s nest.
“Disemboweling practice?”

Once we were all dressed, we ventured out into the ship and were surprised to see other people.
A dozen senior citizens were heading to breakfast.
A dad was taking his kids to the pool for a
morning swim.
Crew members in crisp white uniforms strolled the deck, tipping their hats to the
passengers.
Nobody asked who we were.
Nobody paid us much attention.
But there was something wrong.
As the family of swimmers passed us, the dad told his kids: “We are on a cruise.
We are having
fun.”
“Yes,” his three kids said in unison, their expressions blank.
“We are having a blast.
We will
swim in the pool.”
They wandered off.
“Good morning,” a crew member told us, his eyes glazed.
“We are all enjoying ourselves aboard
the Princess Andromeda.
Have a nice day.”
He drifted away.
“Percy, this is weird,” Annabeth whispered.
“They’re all in some kind of trance.”
Then we passed a cafeteria and saw our first monster.
It was a hellhound-a black mastiff with its
front paws up on the buffet line and its muzzle buried in the scrambled eggs.
It must’ve been young,
because it was small compared to most-no bigger than a grizzly bear.
Still, my blood turned cold.
I’d
almost gotten killed by one of those before.
The weird thing was: a middle-aged couple was standing in the buffet line right behind the devil
dog, patiently waiting their turn for the eggs.
They didn’t seem to notice anything out of the ordinary.
“Not hungry anymore,” Tyson murmured.
I knew the three of them had been runaways together, hiding from monsters,
surviving on their own before Grover found them and tried to get them to Half-Blood Hill.
Or Grover?”
She studied the edge of her knife.
“I don’t know, Percy.
Maybe he wants the Fleece for himself.
Maybe he’s hoping we’ll do the hard work
and then he can steal it from us.
I just can’t believe he
would poison the tree.”
“What did he mean,” I asked, “that Thalia would’ve been on his side?”
“He’s wrong.”
“You don’t sound sure.”
Annabeth glared at me, and I started to wish I hadn’t asked her about this while she was holding a
knife.
“Percy, you know who you remind me of most?
Thalia.
You guys are so much alike it’s scary.
I
mean, either you would’ve been best friends or you would’ve strangled each other.”
“Let’s go with ‘best friends.’”
“Thalia got angry with her dad sometimes.
So do you.
Would you turn against Olympus because of
that?”

I stared at the quiver of arrows in the corner.
“No.”
“Okay, then.
Neither would she.
Daylight streamed
into the cave, and Grover whimpered with longing.
Fresh air!
The Cyclops dragged him outside to a hilltop overlooking the most beautiful island I’d ever seen.
It was shaped kind of like a saddle cut in half by an ax.
There were lush green hills on either side
and a wide valley in the middle, split by a deep chasm that was spanned by a rope bridge.
Beautiful
streams rolled to the edge of the canyon and dropped off in rainbow-colored waterfalls.
Parrots
fluttered in the trees.
Pink and purple flowers bloomed on the bushes.
Hundreds of sheep grazed in the
meadows, their wool glinting strangely like copper and silver coins.
And at the center of the island, right next to the rope bridge, was an enormous twisted oak tree
with something glittering in its lowest bough.
The Golden Fleece.
Even in a dream, I could feel its power radiating across the island, making the grass greener, the
flowers more beautiful.
I could almost smell the nature magic at work.
I could only imagine how
powerful the scent would be for a satyr.
Grover whimpered.
“Yes,” Polyphemus said proudly.
“See over there?
Fleece is the prize of my collection!
Stole it

from heroes long ago, and ever since-free food!
Satyrs come from all over the world, like moths to
flame.
Satyrs good eating!
And now-“
Polyphemus scooped up a wicked set of bronze shears.
Grover yelped, but Polyphemus just picked up the nearest sheep like it was a stuffed animal and
shaved off its wool.
He handed a fluffy mass of it to Grover.
“Put that on the spinning wheel!”
he said proudly.
“Magic.
Cannot be unraveled.”
“Oh … well …”
“Poor Honeypie!”
Polyphemus grinned.
“Bad weaver.
Ha-ha!
Not to worry.
That thread will
solve problem.
Finish wedding train by tomorrow!”
“Isn’t that … thoughtful of you!”
“Hehe.”
“But-but, dear,” Grover gulped, “what if someone were to rescue-I mean attack this island?”
Grover looked straight at me, and I knew he was asking for my benefit.
“What would keep them from
marching right up here to your cave?”
“Wifey scared!
So cute!
Not to worry.
Polyphemus has state-of-the-art security system.
Have to
get through my pets.”
“Pets?”
Grover looked across the island, but there was nothing to see except sheep grazing peacefully in
the meadows.
“And then,” Polyphemus growled, “they would have to get through me!”
He pounded his fist against the nearest rock, which cracked and split in half.
“Now, come!”
he
shouted.
“Back to the cave.”
Grover looked about ready to cry-so close to freedom, but so hopelessly far.
Tears welled in his
eyes as the boulder door rolled shut, sealing him once again in the stinky torch-lit dankness of the
Cyclops’s cave.
I woke to alarm bells ringing throughout the ship.
The captain’s gravelly voice: “All hands on deck!
Find Lady Clarisse!
Where is that girl?”
Then his ghostly face appeared above me.
“Get up, Yankee.
Your friends are already above.
We
are approaching the entrance.”
“The entrance to what?”
He gave me a skeletal smile.
“The Sea of Monsters, of course.”
I stuffed my few belongings that had survived the Hydra into a sailor’s canvas knapsack and slung
it over my shoulder.
I had a sneaking suspicion that one way or another I would not be spending
another night aboard the CSS Birmingham.
I was on my way upstairs when something made me freeze.
A presence nearby-something familiar
and unpleasant.
For no particular reason, I felt like picking a fight.
I wanted to punch a dead
Confederate.
The last time I’d felt like that kind of anger …
Instead of going up, I crept to the edge of the ventilation grate and peered down into the boiler
deck.
By Annabeth’s estimate, we had less than twenty-four hours to find Grover, assuming my dream
was accurate, and assuming the Cyclops Polyphemus didn’t change his mind and try to marry Grover
earlier.
“Yeah,” I said bitterly.
“You can never trust a Cyclops.”
Annabeth stared across the water.
“I’m sorry, Percy.
I was wrong about Tyson, okay?
I wish I
could tell him that.”
I tried to stay mad at her, but it wasn’t easy.
We’d been through a lot together.
She’d saved my life
plenty of times.
It was stupid of me to resent her.
I looked down at our measly possessions-the empty wind thermos, the bottle of multivitamins.
And there were Thalia and Luke and Grover, tied up and gagged, hanging from the
ceiling like smoked hams.
The Cyclops was starting a fire in the middle of the floor.
I drew my knife,
but he heard me.
He turned and smiled.
He spoke, and somehow he knew my dad’s voice.
I guess he
just plucked it out of my mind.
Besides, our first job was to find Grover and whoever had come ashore in that lifeboat-assuming
they’d gotten past the sheep.
I was too nervous to say what I was secretly hoping … that Tyson might
still be alive.
We moored the Queen Anne’s Revenge on the back side of the island where the cliffs rose straight
up a good two hundred feet.
I figured the ship was less likely to be seen there.
The cliffs looked
climbable, barely-about as difficult as the lava wall back at camp.
At least it was free of sheep.
I
hoped that Polyphemus did not also keep carnivorous mountain goats.
We rowed a lifeboat to the edge of the rocks and made our way up, very slowly.
Annabeth went
first because she was the better climber.
We only came close to dying six or seven times, which I thought was pretty good.
Once, I lost my
grip and I found myself dangling by one hand from a ledge fifty feet above the rocky surf.
But I found
another handhold and kept climbing.
A minute later Annabeth hit a slippery patch of moss and her foot
slipped.
Fortunately, she found something else to put it against.
Unfortunately, that something was my
face.
“Sorry,” she murmured.
He turned to Grover, who backed up and almost tripped over his completed bridal train.
“Oh, um,
I’m not hungry right now, dear. Perhaps-
“
“Did you say bride?”
Underneath, the old Grover reappeared in
his jeans and T-shirt.
He yelped and ducked as the monster swiped over his head.
“Stop!”
Grover pleaded.
“Don’t eat me raw!
I-I have a good recipe!”
“Recipe?” he asked Grover.
“Oh y-yes!
You don’t want to eat me raw.
You’ll get E coli and botulism and all sorts of horrible
things.
I’ll taste much better grilled over a slow fire.
With mango chutney!
You could go get some
mangos right now, down there in the woods.
I’ll just wait here.”
The monster pondered this.
My heart hammered against my ribs.
I figured I’d die if I charged.
But
I couldn’t let the monster kill Grover.
“Grilled satyr with mango chutney,” Polyphemus mused.
He looked back at Clarisse, still hanging
over the pot of boiling water.
“You a satyr, too?”
“No, you overgrown pile of dung!”
she yelled.
“I’m a girl!
The daughter of Ares!
Now untie me
so I can rip your arms off!”
“Rip my arms off,” Polyphemus repeated.
“And stuff them down your throat!”
“You got spunk.”
“Let me down!”
Polyphemus snatched up Grover as if he were a wayward puppy.
“Have to graze sheep now.
Wedding postponed until tonight.
Then we’ll eat satyr for the main course!”
“But … you’re still getting married?”
Grover sounded hurt.
“Who’s the bride?”
Polyphemus looked toward the boiling pot.
He fed them chunks of mystery meat from
a great wicker basket, which only reinforced the feelings I’d been having since Circe turned me into a
guinea pig-that maybe it was time I joined Grover and became a vegetarian.
“Trickery,” Annabeth decided.
“We can’t beat him by force, so we’ll have to use trickery.”
“Okay,” I said.
“What trick?’
“I haven’t figured that part out yet.”
“Great.”
“Polyphemus will have to move the rock to let the sheep inside.”
“At sunset,” I said.
Finally, I found the spinning room,
where Grover was huddled in the corner, trying to cut Clarisse’s bonds with a pair of safety scissors.
“Yeah,” Grover said.
Then he blinked, like he couldn’t believe he’d just agreed with Clarisse
about something.
“All right,” I said.
“Attack plan Macedonia.”
They nodded.
We’d all taken the same training courses at Camp Half-Blood.
They knew what I
was talking about.
They would sneak around either side and attack the Cyclops from the flanks while I
held his attention in the front.
Probably what this meant was that we’d all die instead of just me, but I
was grateful for the help.
I hefted my sword and shouted, “Hey, Ugly!”
The giant whirled toward me.
“Another one?
Who are you?”
“Put down my friend.
I’m the one who insulted you.”
“You are Nobody?”
“That’s right, you smelly bucket of nose drool!”
As
Clarisse and I scrambled across the bridge, Grover began sawing at the ropes.
The first strand went snap!
Polyphemus bounded after us, making the bridge sway wildly.
The ropes were now half cut.
Grover said.
One grabbed Annabeth and Grover by their
T-shirt collars.
Oreius grinned and raised Annabeth and Grover off the ground, kicking and screaming.
He looked at the bear-man Oreius, who
was still holding Annabeth and Grover by the necks.
“You can eat your dinner now, Oreius.
Bon
appetit.”
“He-he!
He-he!”
The bear-man lifted my friends and bared his teeth.
That’s when all Hades broke loose.
Whish!
A red-feathered arrow sprouted from Oreius’s mouth.
With a surprised look on his hairy face, he
crumpled to the deck.
“Brother!”
Agrius wailed.
He let the pegasus’s reins go slack just long enough for the black steed
to kick him in the head and fly away free over Miami Bay.
Chiron galloped toward Annabeth and Grover, neatly plucked them off the deck, and deposited
them on his back.
I tried to get up, but my wounded leg still felt like it was on fire.
He set Annabeth and Grover down on a picnic blanket next to me.
“I really wish
my cousins wouldn’t slam their heads together.
They don’t have the brain cells to spare.”
“Chiron,” I said, still stunned by the fact that he was here.
“You saved us.”
He gave me a dry smile.
“Well now, I couldn’t very well let you die, especially since you’ve
cleared my name.”
“But how did you know where we were?”
Annabeth asked.
“Advanced planning, my dear.
I figured you would wash up near Miami if you made it out of the

Sea of Monsters alive.
Almost everything strange washes up near Miami.”
“Gee, thanks,” Grover mumbled.
“No, no,” Chiron said.
“I didn’t mean … Oh, never mind.
I am glad to see you, my young satyr.
The point is, I was able to eavesdrop on Percy’s Iris-message and trace the signal.
Iris and I have
been friends for centuries.
I asked her to alert me to any important communications in this area.
It then
took no effort to convince my cousins to ride to your aid.
As you see, centaurs can travel quite fast
when we wish to.
Distance for us is not the same as distance for humans.”
I looked over at the campfire, where three party ponies were teaching Tyson to operate a
paintball gun.
I hoped they knew what they were getting into.
“So what now?”
I asked Chiron.
“Annabeth,” Chiron said, “perhaps you and Grover would go supervise Tyson and my cousins
before they, ah, teach each other too many bad habits?”
Annabeth met his eyes.
Some kind of understanding passed between them.
We couldn’t have won this race or gotten the Fleece or saved Grover or
anything!
We owe our lives to Tyson, Percy’s …”
“Brother!”
I said, loud enough for everybody to hear.
“Tyson, my baby brother.”
Tyson blushed.
The crowd cheered.
Annabeth planted a kiss on my cheek.
The roaring got a lot
louder after that.
Annabeth and Grover were standing at the top of the sand dune.
I guess maybe I had some sand in
my eyes, because I was blinking a lot.
“Tyson …” I told them.
he asked Grover.
Grover could only nod, his expression dazed.
I tried to ask what was going on, but Chiron grabbed me by the arm and effortlessly lifted me onto

his back.
Together we thundered up Half-Blood Hill, where a small crowd had started to gather.
I expected to see the Fleece missing from the pine tree, but it was still there, glittering in the first
light of dawn.
The storm had broken and the sky was bloodred.
“Curse the titan lord,” Chiron said.
“He’s tricked us again, given himself another chance to
control the prophecy.”
“What do you mean?”
I asked.
“The Fleece,” he said.
“The Fleece did its work too well.”
We galloped forward, everyone moving out of our way.
There at the base of the tree, a girl was
lying unconscious.
Another girl in Greek armor was kneeling next to her.
Blood roared in my ears.
I couldn’t think straight.
Annabeth had been attacked?
But why was the
Fleece still there?
The tree itself looked perfectly fine, whole and healthy, suffused with the essence of the Golden
Fleece.
“It healed the tree,” Chiron said, his voice ragged.
“And poison was not the only thing it purged.”
“It’s true,” Grover said, panting from his run up the hill.
“I can’t believe …”
Nobody else came close to the girl.
I put my hand on her forehead.
Her skin was cold, but my fingertips tingled as if they were
burning.
“She needs nectar and ambrosia,” I said.
She was clearly a half-blood, whether she was a camper
or not.
I could sense that just from one touch.
I didn’t understand why everyone was acting so scared.
I took her by the shoulders and lifted her into sitting position, resting her head on my shoulder.
“Come on!”
I yelled to the others.
“What’s wrong with you people?
Let’s get her to the Big
House.”
No one moved, not even Chiron.
They were all too stunned.
Then the girl took a shaky breath.
She coughed and opened her eyes.
Her irises were startlingly blue-electric blue.
The girl stared at me in bewilderment, shivering and wild-eyed.
“Who-“
“I’m Percy,” I said.
“You’re safe now.”
“Strangest dream …”
“It’s okay.”
“Dying.”
“No,” I assured her.
“You’re okay.
What’s your name?”
That’s when I knew.
Even before she said it.
The girl’s blue eyes stared into mine, and I understood what the Golden Fleece quest had been
about.
The poisoning of the tree.
Everything.
Kronos had done it to bring another chess piece into
play-another chance to control the prophecy.
Even Chiron, Annabeth, and Grover, who should’ve been celebrating this moment, were too
shocked, thinking about what it might mean for the future.
And I was holding someone who was
destined to be my best friend, or possibly my worst enemy.
“I am Thalia,” the girl said.
“Daughter of Zeus.”
I'd been so focused on getting to Grover and
finding out what was wrong, I hadn't considered that someone might question three kids
sneaking into the school at night.
We hadn't talked at all in the car about how we would get
inside.
I said, "Ma'am, we're just—"
"Ha!"
the man snapped, which made me jump.
"Visitors are not allowed at the dance!
You shall be eee-jected!"
He had an accent—French, maybe.
He pronounced his J like in Jacques, He was tall,
with a hawkish face.
His nostrils flared when he spoke, which made it really hard not to stare
up his nose, and his eyes were two different colors—one brown, one blue—like an alley cat's.
I figured he was about to toss us into the snow, but then Thalia stepped forward and did
something very weird.
She snapped her fingers.
The sound was sharp and loud.
Maybe it was just my
imagination, but I felt a gust of wind ripple out from her hand, across the room.
It washed
over all of us, making the banners rustle on the walls.
"Oh, but we're not visitors, sir," Thalia said.
"We go to school here.
You remember: I'm
Thalia.
What are you doing away
from the gymnasium?"
Before we could answer, I heard more footsteps, and Grover ran up, breathless.
"You
made it!
You—"

He stopped short when he saw the teachers.
"Oh, Mrs. Gottschalk.
Dr. Thorn!
I, uh—"
"What is it, Mr. Underwood?" said the man.
His tone made it clear that he detested
Grover.
"What do you mean, they made it?
These students live here.
"
Grover swallowed.
"Yes, sir.
Of course, Dr. Thorn.
I just meant, I'm so glad they
made… the punch for the dance!
The punch is great.
And they made it!"
Dr. Thorn glared at us.
I decided one of his eyes had to be fake.
The brown one?
The
blue one?
He looked like he wanted to pitch us off the castle's highest tower, but then Mrs.
Gottschalk said dreamily, "Yes, the punch is excellent.
Now run along, all of you.
You are not
to leave the gymnasium again!"
We didn't wait to be told twice.
We left with a lot of "Yes, ma'ams" and "Yes, sirs" and
a couple of salutes, just because it seemed like the thing to do.
Grover hustled us down the hall in the direction of the music.
I could feel the teachers' eyes on my back, but I walked closely to Thalia and asked in a
low voice, "How did you do that finger-snap thing?"
"You mean the Mist?
Hasn't Chiron shown you how to do that yet?
"
An uncomfortable lump formed in my throat.
Chiron was our head trainer at camp, but
he'd never shown me anything like that.
Why had he shown Thalia and not me?
Grover hurried us to a door that had GYM written on the glass.
Even with my dyslexia,
I could read that much.
"That was close!"
Grover said.
"Thank the gods you got here!"
Annabeth and Thalia both hugged Grover.
I gave him a big high five.
It was good to see him after so many months.
He'd gotten a little taller and had sprouted
a few more whiskers, but otherwise he looked like he always did when he passed for human—
a red cap on his curly brown hair to hide his goat horns, baggy jeans and sneakers with fake
feet to hide his furry legs and hooves.
He was wearing a black T-shirt that took me a few
seconds to read.
It said WESTOVER HALL: GRUNT.
I wasn't sure whether that was, like,
Grover's rank or maybe just the school motto.
"So what's the emergency?"
I asked.
Grover took a deep breath.
"I found two."
"Two half-bloods?"
Thalia asked, amazed.
"Here?"
Grover nodded.
Finding one half-blood was rare enough.
This year, Chiron had put the satyrs on
emergency overtime and sent them all over the country, scouring schools from fourth grade

through high school for possible recruits.
These were desperate times.
We were losing
campers.
We needed all the new fighters we could find.
The problem was, there just weren't
that many demigods out there.
"A brother and a sister," he said.
"They're ten and twelve.
I don't know their parentage,
but they're strong.
We're running out of time, though.
I need help.
"
"Monsters?"
One."
Grover looked nervous.
"He suspects.
I don't think he's positive yet, but this is the
last day of term.
I'm sure he won't let them leave campus without finding out.
It may be our
last chance!
Every time I try to get close to them, he's always there, blocking me.
I don't know
what to do!"
Grover looked at Thalia desperately.
I tried not to feel upset by that.
Used to be, Grover
looked to me for answers, but Thalia had seniority.
"Who's the monster?"
"Oh," Grover said, and looked around nervously.
"You just met him.
The vice principal,
Dr. Thorn."

Weird thing about military schools: the kids go absolutely nuts when there's a special
event and they get to be out of uniform.
I guess it's because everything's so strict the rest of
the time, they feel like they've got to overcompensate or something.
There were black and red balloons all over the gym floor, and guys were kicking them
in each others faces, or trying to strangle each other with the crepe-paper streamers taped to
the walls.
Girls moved around in football huddles, the way they always do, wearing lots of
makeup and spaghetti-strap tops and brightly colored pants and shoes that looked like torture
devices.
Every once in a while they'd surround some poor guy like a pack of piranhas,
shrieking and giggling, and when they finally moved on, the guy would have ribbons in his
hair and a bunch of lipstick graffiti all over his face.
Some of the older guys looked more like
me—uncomfortable, hanging out at the edges of the gym and trying to hide, like any minute
they might have to fight for their lives.
Of course, in my case, it was true…
"There they are."
Grover nodded toward a couple of younger kids arguing in the
bleachers.
"Bianca and Nico di Angela"
The girl wore a floppy green cap, like she was trying to hide her face.
The boy was
obviously her little brother.
They both had dark silky hair and olive skin, and they used their
hands a lot as they talked.
The boy was shuffling some kind of trading cards.
His sister

seemed to be scolding him about something.
She kept looking around like she sensed
something was wrong.
She was slow dancing with Grover, who was tripping all
over himself, kicking Thalia in the shins, and looking like he wanted to die.
At least his feet
were fake.
Unlike me, he had an excuse for being clumsy.
"Dance, you guys!"
Thalia ordered.
"You look stupid just standing there.
I
thought about the way Grover had turned to her, expecting her to save the day.
Not that I resented Thalia.
She was cool.
I pictured Grover's face.
I focused
on my feelings of fear and danger.
Last summer, Grover had created an empathy link between
us.
He'd sent me visions in my dreams to let me know when he was in trouble.
As far as I
knew, we were still linked, but I'd never tried to contact Grover before.
I didn't even know if it
would work while Grover was awake.
Hey, Grover!
I thought.
Thorn's kidnapping us!
He's a poisonous spike-throwing
maniac!
Help!
Thorn inarched us into the woods.
We took a snowy path dimly lit by old-fashioned
lamplights.
My shoulder ached.
The wind blowing through my ripped clothes was so cold that
I felt like a Percysicle.
"There is a clearing ahead," Thorn said.
"We will summon your ride.
"
"What ride?"
Bianca demanded.
"Where are you taking us?"
"Silence, you insufferable girl!"
"Don't talk to my sister that way.'"
Nico said.
His voice quivered, but I was impressed
that he had the guts to say anything at all.
Dr. Thorn made a growling sound that definitely wasn't human.
It made the hairs stand
up on the back of my neck, but I forced myself to keep walking and pretend I was being a
good little captive.
Meanwhile, I projected my thoughts like crazy—anything to get Grover's
attention:
Grover!
Apples!
Tin cans!
Get your furry goat behind out here and bring some
heavily armed friends!
"Halt," Thorn said.
The woods had opened up.
We'd reached a cliff overlooking the sea.
At least, I sensed
the sea was down there, hundreds of feet below.
I could hear the waves churning and I could
smell the cold salty froth.
But all I could see was mist and darkness.
Dr. Thorn pushed us toward the edge.
I stumbled, and Bianca caught me.
"Thanks," I murmured.
"What is he?"
she whispered.
"How do we fight him?"
"I… I'm working on it.
"
"I'm scared," Nico mumbled.
He was fiddling with something—a little metal toy soldier
of some kind.
"Stop talking!"
Dr. Thorn said.
"Face me!"
We turned.
Thorn's two-tone eyes glittered hungrily.
He pulled something from under his coat.
At
first I thought it was a switchblade, but it was only a phone.
He pressed the side button and
said, "The package—it is ready to deliver.
"
There was a garbled reply, and I realized Thorn was in walkie-talkie mode.
This seemed
way too modern and creepy—a monster using a mobile phone.
I glanced behind me, wondering how far the drop was.
Dr. Thorn laughed.
"By all means, Son of Poseidon.
Jump!There is the sea.
Save
yourself.
"
"What did he call you?"
Bianca muttered.
"I'll explain later," I said.
"You do have a plan, right?"
Grover!
I thought desperately.
Come to me!
Maybe I could get both the di Angelos to jump with me into the ocean.
If we survived
the fall, I could use the water to protect us.
I'd done things like that before.
If my dad was in a
good mood, and listening, he might help.
Maybe.
"I would kill you before you ever reached the water," Dr. Thorn said, as if reading my
thoughts.
"You do not realize who I am, do you?"

A flicker of movement behind him, and another missile whistled so close to me that it
nicked my ear.
Something had sprung up behind Dr. Thorn—like a catapult, but more
flexible… almost like a tail.
"Unfortunately," Thorn said, "you are wanted alive, if possible.
Otherwise you would
already be dead."
"Who wants us?"
Bianca demanded.
"Because if you think you'll get a ransom, you're
wrong.
We don't have any family.
Nico and I…" Her voice broke a little.
"We've got no one
but each other."
"Aww," Dr. Thorn said.
"Do not worry, little brats.
You will be meeting my employer
soon enough.
The
manticore clawed Grover's magic weeds to shreds then turned toward us with a snarl.
"Get down!"
Annabeth pushed the di Angelos flat into the snow.
At the last second, I
remembered my own shield.
I hit my wristwatch, and metal plating spiraled out into a thick
bronze shield.
Not a moment too soon.
The thorns impacted against it with such force they
dented the metal.
The beautiful shield, a gift from my brother, was badly damaged.
I wasn't
sure it would even stop a second volley.
I heard a thwack and a yelp, and Grover landed next to me with a thud.
"Yield!"
the monster roared.
"Never!"
Thalia yelled from across the field.
She charged the monster, and for a second,
I thought she would run him through.
But then there was a thunderous noise and a blaze of
light from behind us.
The helicopter appeared out of the mist, hovering just beyond the cliffs.
It was a sleek black military-style gunship, with attachments on the sides that looked like
laser-guided rockets.
The helicopter had to be manned by mortals, but what was it doing here?
How could mortals be working with a monster?
The searchlights blinded Thalia, and the
manticore swatted her away with its tail.
Her shield flew off into the snow.
Her spear flew in
the other direction.
"No!"
I ran out to help her.
I parried away a spike just before it would've hit her chest.
I
raised my shield over us, but I knew it wouldn't be enough.
Dr. Thorn laughed.
"Now do you see how hopeless it is?
Yield, little heroes.
"
We were trapped between a monster and a fully armed helicopter.
We had no chance.
Then I heard a clear, piercing sound: the call of a hunting horn blowing in the woods.
The manticore froze.
For a moment, no one moved.
There was only the swirl of snow
and wind and the chopping of the helicopter blades.
"No," Dr. Thorn said.
"It cannot be—"
His sentence was cut short when something shot past me like a streak of moonlight.
A
glowing silver arrow sprouted from Dr. Thorn's shoulder.
He staggered backward, wailing in agony.
"Curse you!"
Thorn cried.
He unleashed his spikes, dozens of them at once, into the
woods where the arrow had come from, but just as fast, silvery arrows shot back in reply.
It
almost looked like the arrows had intercepted the thorns in midair and sliced them in two, but

my eyes must've been playing tricks on me.
No one, not even Apollo's kids at camp, could
shoot with that much accuracy.
The manticore pulled the arrow out of his shoulder with a howl of pain.
His breathing
was heavy.
I tried to swipe at him with my sword, but he wasn't as injured as he looked.
He
dodged my attack and slammed his tail into my shield, knocking me aside.
Then the archers came from the woods.
They were girls, about a dozen of them.
The
youngest was maybe ten.
The oldest, about fourteen, like me.
They wore silvery ski parkas
and jeans, and they were all armed with bows.
They advanced on the manticore with
determined expressions.
"The Hunters!"
Annabeth cried.
Next to me, Thalia muttered, "Oh, wonderful.
"
I didn't have a chance to ask what she meant.
One of the older archers stepped forward with her bow drawn.
She was tall and graceful
with coppery colored skin.
Unlike the other girls, she had a silver circlet braided into the top
of her long dark hair, so she looked like some kind of Persian princess.
"Permission to kill,
my lady?
"
I couldn't tell who she was talking to, because she kept her eyes on the manticore.
The monster wailed.
"This is not fair!
Direct interference!
It is against the Ancient
Laws."
"Not so," another girl said.
This one was a little younger than me, maybe twelve or
thirteen.
She had auburn hair gathered back in a ponytail and strange eyes, silvery yellow like
the moon.
Her face was so beautiful it made me catch my breath, but her expression was stern
and dangerous.
"The hunting of all wild beasts is within my sphere.
And you, foul creature,
are a wild beast."
She looked at the older girl with the circlet.
"Zoe, permission granted.
"
The manticore growled.
"If I cannot have these alive, I shall have them dead!"
He lunged at Thalia and me, knowing we were weak and dazed.
"No.'" Annabeth yelled, and she charged at the monster.
"Get back, half-blood!"
the girl with the circlet said.
"Get out of the line of fire!"
But Annabeth leaped onto the monster's back and drove her knife into his mane.
I told you that was
real."
"That's why Grover has been watching you," I said.
"To keep you safe, if you turned out
to be half-bloods.
"
"Grover?" Bianca stared at him.
"You're a demigod?"
"Well, a satyr, actually."
He kicked off his shoes and displayed his goat hooves.
I
thought Bianca was going to faint right there.
"Grover, put your shoes back on," Thalia said.
"You're freaking her out."
"Hey, my hooves are clean!"
"Bianca," I said, "we came here to help you.
You and Nico need training to survive.
Dr.
Thorn won't be the last monster you meet.
You need to come to camp.
"
"Camp?" she asked.
"Camp Half-Blood," I said.
"It's where half-bloods learn to survive and stuff.
You can
join us, stay there year-round if you like."
"Sweet, let's go!" said Nico.
"Wait," Bianca shook her head.
"I don't—"
"There is another option," Zoe said.
"No, there isn't!"
Thalia said.
Thalia and Zoe glared at each other.
I didn't know what they were talking about, but I
could tell there was bad history between them.
For some reason, they seriously hated each
other.
"We've burdened these children enough," Artemis announced.
"Zoe, we will rest here
for a few hours.
Raise the tents.
Treat the wounded.
Retrieve our guests' belongings from the
school."
"Yes, my lady.
"
"And, Bianca, come with me.
I would like to speak with you."
"What about me?"
Nico asked.
Artemis considered the boy.
"Perhaps you can show Grover how to play that card game
you enjoy.
I'm sure Grover would be happy to entertain you for a while… as a favor to me?"
Grover just about tripped over himself getting up.
"You bet!
Come on, Nico!"
Nico and Grover walked off toward the woods, talking about hit points and armor
ratings and a bunch of other geeky stuff.
Artemis led a confused-looking Bianca along the
cliff.
The Hunters began unpacking their knapsacks and making camp.
Zoe gave Thalia one more evil look, then left to oversee things.
As soon as she was gone, Thalia stamped her foot in frustration.
"The nerve of those
Hunters!
They think they're so… Argh!"
"I'm with you," I said.
"I don't trust—"

"Oh, you're with me?"
Thalia turned on me furiously.
"What were you thinking back
there in the gym, Percy?
You'd take on Dr. Thorn all by yourself?
You knew he was a
monster!"
"If we'd stuck together, we could've taken him without the Hunters getting involved.
Annabeth might still be here.
Did you think of that?"
My jaw clenched.
I thought of some harsh things to say, and I might've said them too,
but then I looked down and saw something navy blue lying in the snow at my feet.
Grover and Nico came back from
their walk, and Grover helped me fix up my wounded arm.
"It's green!"
Nico said with delight.
"Hold still," Grover told me.
"Here, eat some ambrosia while I clean that out.
"

I winced as he dressed the wound, but the ambrosia square helped.
It tasted like
homemade brownie, dissolving in my mouth and sending a warm feeling through my whole
body.
Between that and the magic salve Grover used, my shoulder felt better within a couple
of minutes.
Nico rummaged through his own bag, which the Hunters had apparently packed for
him, though how they'd snuck into Westover Hall unseen, I didn't know.
Nico laid out a
bunch of figurines in the snow—little battle replicas of Greek gods and heroes.
When I told them, Grover turned pale.
"The last time the Hunters visited camp, it didn't
go well."
"How'd they even show up here?"
I wondered.
"I mean, they just appeared out of
nowhere."
"And Bianca joined them," Thalia said, disgusted.
"It's all Zoe's fault.
That stuck-up, no
good—"
"Who can blame her?"
Grover said.
"Eternity with Artemis?"
He heaved a big sigh.
Thalia rolled her eyes.
"You satyrs.
You're all in love with Artemis.
Don't you get that
she'll never love you back?"
"But she's so… into nature," Grover swooned.
"You're nuts," said Thalia.
"Nuts and berries," Grover said dreamily.
"Yeah."

Finally the sky began to lighten.
Artemis muttered, "About time.
He's so-o-o lazy during
the winter.
"
"You're, um, waiting for sunrise?"
I asked.
"For my brother.
Yes.
"
I didn't want to be rude.
I mean, I knew the legends about Apollo—or sometimes
Helios—driving a big sun chariot across the sky.
But I also knew that the sun was really a star
about a zillion miles away.
I'd gotten used to some of the Greek myths being true, but still… I
didn't see how Apollo could drive the sun.
"It's not exactly as you think," Artemis said, like she was reading my mind.
"Oh, okay."
I started to relax.
"So, it's not like he'll be pulling up in a—"
There was a sudden burst of light on the horizon.
A blast of warmth.
"Don't look," Artemis advised.
"Not until he parks."
Parks?
I averted my eyes, and saw that the other kids were doing the same.
The light and
warmth intensified until my winter coat felt like it was melting off of me.
Then suddenly the
light died.
I looked.
And I couldn't believe it.
It was my car.
Well, the car I wanted, anyway.
A red
convertible Maserati Spyder.
It was so awesome it glowed.
Then I realized it was glowing
because the metal was hot.
The snow had melted around the Maserati in a perfect circle,
which explained why I was now standing on green grass and my shoes were wet.
The driver got out, smiling.
"Who else is lost?"
Just then, Grover trotted into the room, grinning like crazy.
He had a black eye and red
lines on his face that looked like a slap mark.
"The Hunters are all moved in!"
Chiron frowned.
"The Hunters, eh?
I see we have much to talk about."
He glanced at
Nico.
"Grover, perhaps you should take our young friend to the den and show him our
orientation film."
"But… Oh, right.
Yes, sir.
"
"Orientation film?"
Nico asked.
"Is it G or PG?
'Cause Bianca is kinda strict—"
"It's PG-13," Grover said.
"Cool!"
Nico happily followed him out of the room.
"Now," Chiron said to Thalia and me, "perhaps you two should sit down and tell us the
whole story.
"

When we were done, Chiron turned to Mr. D. "We should launch a search for Annabeth
immediately."
"I'll go," Thalia and I said at the same time.
Mr. D sniffed.
"Certainly not!"
Thalia and I both started complaining, but Mr. D held up his hand.
He had that purplish
angry fire in his eyes that usually meant something bad and godly was going to happen if we
didn't shut up.
"From what you have told me," Mr. D said, "we have broken even on this escapade.
We
have, ah, regrettably lost Annie Bell—"
"Annabeth," I snapped.
She'd gone to camp since she was seven, and still Mr. D
pretended not to know her name.
"Yes, yes," he said.
"And you procured a small annoying boy to replace her.
So I see no
point risking further half-bloods on a ridiculous rescue.
The possibility is very great that this
Annie girl is dead.
"I don't know," Grover said.
"I think somebody would know if Kronos had re-formed.
The gods would be more nervous.
But still, it's weird, you having a nightmare the same night
as Zoe.
It's almost like—"
"They're connected," I said.
Over in the frozen meadow, a satyr skidded on his hooves as he chased after a
redheaded tree nymph.
She giggled and held out her arms as he ran toward her.
Pop!
She
turned into a Scotch pine and he kissed the trunk at top speed,
"Ah, love," Grover said dreamily.
I thought about Zoe's nightmare, which she'd had only a few hours after mine.
"I've got to talk to Zoe," I said.
"Um, before you do…" Grover took something out of his coat pocket.
It was a threefold display like a travel brochure.
"You remember what you said—about how it was weird
the Hunters just happened to show up at Westover Hall?
I think they might've been scouting
us."
"Scouting us?
What do you mean?
"
He gave me the brochure.
It was about the Hunters of Artemis.
The front read, A WISE
CHOICE FOR YOUR FUTURE!
Inside were pictures of young maidens doing hunter stuff,
chasing monsters, shooting bows.
There were captions like: HEALTH BENEFITS:
IMMORTALITY AND WHAT IT MEANS FOR YOU!
and A BOY-FREE TOMORROW!
"I found that in Annabeth's backpack," Grover said.
I stared at him.
"I don't understand.
Instead, Grover and I were elected to carry her.
I didn't figure that was because we were
the most popular.
"Watch her head!"
Grover warned as we went up the stairs.
But it was too late.
Bonk!
I whacked her mummified face against the trapdoor frame and dust flew.
"Ah, man."
I set her down and checked for damage.
"Did I break anything?"
"I can't tell," Grover admitted.
We hauled her up and set her on her tripod stool, both of us huffing and sweating.
Who
knew a mummy could weigh so much?
I assumed she wouldn't talk to me, and I was right.
I was relieved when we finally got
out of there and slammed the attic door shut.
"Well," Grover said, "that was gross.
"
I knew he was trying to keep things light for my sake, but I still felt really down.
The
whole camp would be mad at me for losing the game to the Hunters, and then there was the
new prophecy from the Oracle.
It was like the spirit of Delphi had gone out of her way to
exclude me.
She'd ignored my question and walked half a mile to talk to Zoe.
"

"You mean Pan."
I felt kind of selfish, because I'd totally forgotten about Grover's life ambition.
The
nature god had gone missing two thousand years ago.
He was rumored to have died, but the
satyrs didn't believe that.
They were determined to find him.
They'd been searching in vain for
centuries, and Grover was convinced he'd be the one to succeed.
This year, with Chiron
putting all the satyrs on emergency duty to find half-bloods, Grover hadn't been able to
continue his search.
It must've been driving him nuts.
"I've let the trail go cold," he said.
"I feel restless, like I'm missing something really
important.
He's out there somewhere.
I can just feel it.
"
I didn't know what to say.
I wanted to encourage him, but I didn't know how.
My
optimism had pretty much been trampled into the snow out there in the woods, along with our
capture-the-flag hopes.
Before I could respond, Thalia tromped up the stairs.
She was officially not talking to
me now, but she looked at Grover and said, "Tell Percy to get his butt downstairs."
"Why?"
I asked.
"Did he say something?"
Thalia asked Grover.
"Um, he asked why."
"Dionysus is calling a council of cabin leaders to discuss the prophecy," she said.
"Unfortunately, that includes Percy."
The council was held around a Ping-Pong table in the rec room.
Dionysus waved his
hand and supplied snacks: Cheez Whiz, crackers, and several bottles of red wine.
Then Chiron
reminded him that wine was against his restrictions and most of us were underage.
Mr. D
sighed.
With a snap of his fingers the wine turned to Diet Coke.
Nobody drank that either.
Mr. D and Chiron (in wheelchair form) sat at one end of the table.
Zoe and Bianca di
Angelo (who had kind of become Zoe's personal assistant)
took the other end.
Thalia and
Grover and I sat along the right, and the other head councilors—Beckendorf, Silena
Beauregard, and the Stoll brothers—sat on the left.
The Ares kids were supposed to send a
representative, too, but all of them had gotten broken limbs (accidentally) during capture the
flag, courtesy of the Hunters.
They were resting up in the infirmary.
Zoe started the meeting off on a positive note.
"This is pointless."
"Cheez Whiz!"
Grover gasped.
He began scooping up crackers and Ping-Pong balls and
spraying them with topping.
"There is no time for talk," Zoe continued.
"Our goddess needs us.
The Hunters must
leave immediately."

"And go where?"
Chiron asked.
"West!"
Bianca said.
I was amazed at how different she looked after just a few days
with the Hunters.
Her dark hair was braided like Zoe's now, so you could actually see her
face.
She had a splash of freckles across her nose, and her dark eyes vaguely reminded me of
someone famous, but I couldn't think who.
She looked like she'd been working out, and her
skin glowed faintly, like the other Hunters, as if she'd been taking showers in liquid
moonlight.
"You heard the prophecy.
Five shall go west to the goddess in chains.
We can get
five hunters and go."
"Yes," Zoe agreed.
"Artemis is being held hostage!
We must find her and free her.
"
"You're missing something, as usual," Thalia said.
"Campers and Hunters combined
prevail.
We're supposed to do this together."
"No!"
Zoe said.
"The Hunters do not need thy help.
"
"Your" Thalia grumbled.
"Nobody has said thy in, like, three hundred years, Zoe.
Get
with the times.
"
Zoe hesitated, like she was trying to form the word correctly. "
Yerrr.
We do not need
yerrr help.
"
Thalia rolled her eyes.
"Forget it."
"I fear the prophecy says you do need our help," Chiron said.
"Campers and Hunters
must cooperate."
"Or do they?"
Mr. D mused, swirling his Diet Coke under his nose like it had a fine
bouquet.
"One shall be lost.
One shall perish.
That sounds rather nasty, doesn't it?
What if
you fail because you try to cooperate?"
"Mr. D," Chiron sighed, "with all due respect, whose side are you on?"
Dionysus raised his eyebrows.
"Sorry, my dear centaur.
Just trying to be helpful.
"
"We're supposed to work together," Thalia said stubbornly.
"I don't like it either, Zoe,
but you know prophecies.
You want to fight against one?"
Zoe grimaced, but I could tell Thalia had scored a point.
"We must not delay," Chiron warned.
"Today is Sunday.
This very Friday, December
twenty-first, is the winter solstice.
"
"Oh, joy," Dionysus muttered.
"Another dull annual meeting.
"
"Artemis must be present at the solstice," Zoe said.
"She has been one of the most vocal
on the council arguing for action against Kronos's minions.
If she is absent, the gods will
decide nothing.
We will lose another year of war preparations.
"

"Are you suggesting that the gods have trouble acting together, young lady?"
Dionysus
asked.
"Yes, Lord Dionysus.
"
Mr. D nodded.
"Just checking.
You're right, of course.
Carry on.
"
"I must agree with Zoe," said Chiron.
"Artemis's presence at the winter council is
critical.
We have only a week to find her.
And possibly even more important: to locate the
monster she was hunting.
Now, we must decide who goes on this quest.
"
"Three and two," I said.
Everybody looked at me.
Thalia even forgot to ignore me.
"We're supposed to have five," I said, feeling self-conscious.
"Three Hunters, two from
Camp Half-Blood.
That's more than fair.
"
Thalia and Zoe exchanged looks.
"Well," Thalia said.
"It does make sense.
"
Zoe grunted.
"I would prefer to take all the Hunters.
We will need strength of numbers.
"
"You'll be retracing the goddess's path," Chiron reminded her.
"Moving quickly.
No
doubt Artemis tracked the scent of this rare monster, whatever it is, as she moved west.
You
will have to do the same.
The prophecy was clear: The bane of Olympus shows the trail.
What
would your mistress say? '
Too many Hunters spoil the scent.'
A small group is best.
"
Zoe picked up a Ping-Pong paddle and studied it like she was deciding who she wanted
to whack first.
"This monster—the bane of Olympus.
I have hunted at Lady Artemis's side for
many years, yet I have no idea what this beast might be."
Everybody looked at Dionysus, I guess because he was the only god present and gods
are supposed to know things.
He was flipping through a wine magazine, but when everyone
got silent he glanced up, "Well, don't look at me.
I'm a young god, remember?
I don't keep
track of all those ancient monsters and dusty titans.
They make for terrible party
conversation.
"
"Chiron," I said, "you don't have any ideas about the monster?"
Chiron pursed his lips.
"I have several ideas, none of them good.
And none of them
quite make sense.
Typhon, for instance, could fit this description.
He was truly a bane of
Olympus.
Or the sea monster Keto.
But if either of these were stirring, we would know it.
They are ocean monsters the size of skyscrapers.
"One shall perish by a parent's hand," Grover said in between bites of Cheez Whiz and
Ping-Pong balls.
"How is that possible?
Whose parent would kill them?
"
There was heavy silence around the table.
I glanced at Thalia and wondered if she was thinking the same thing I was.
Can you play a tracker's song yet, Grover?"
"Absolutely!"
Zoe wavered.
I didn't know what a tracker's song was, but apparently Zoe thought it was
a good thing.
"Very well," Zoe said.
"And the second camper?"
"I'll go."
Thalia stood and looked around, daring anyone to question her.
Now, okay, maybe my math skills weren't the best, but it suddenly occurred to me that
we'd reached the number five, and I wasn't in the group.
"Whoa, wait a sec," I said.
"I want to
go too.
"
Thalia said nothing.
Chiron was still studying me, his eyes sad.
"Oh," Grover said, suddenly aware of the problem.
"Whoa, yeah, I forgot!
Percy has to
go.
I didn't mean… I'll stay.
Percy should go in my place."
"He cannot," Zoe said.
"He is a boy.
I won't have Hunters traveling with a boy."
"You traveled here with me," I reminded her.
"That was a short-term emergency, and it was ordered by the goddess.
I will not go
across country and fight many dangers in the company of a boy."
"What about Grover?"
I demanded.
Zoe shook her head.
"He does not count.
He's a satyr.
He is not technically a boy."
"Hey!"
Grover protested.
"I have to go," I said.
"I need to be on this quest."
"Why?" Zoe asked.
I knew Grover and some of the others were looking
at me sympathetically, but
I couldn't meet their eyes.
I just sat there as Chiron concluded the council.
"So be it," he said.
"Thalia and Grover will accompany Zoe, Bianca, and Phoebe.
You
shall leave at first light.
And may the gods"—he glanced at Dionysus—"present company
included, we hope—be with you.
"

I didn't show up for dinner that night, which was a mistake, because Chiron and Grover
came looking for me.
"Percy, I'm so sorry!"
Grover said, sitting next to me on the bunk.
"I didn't know
they'd—that you'd—Honest!"
He started to sniffle, and I figured if I didn't cheer him up he'd either start bawling or
chewing up my mattress.
He tends to eat household objects whenever he gets upset.
"It's okay," I lied.
"Really.
It's fine.
"
Grover's lower lip trembled.
"I wasn't even thinking… I was so focused on helping
Artemis.
Chiron waited,
"Oh," Grover said.
"You mean alone.
Sure, Chiron."
He looked at me miserably.
"See?
Nobody needs a goat.
"
He trotted out the door, blowing his nose on his sleeve.
Chiron sighed and knelt on his horse legs.
"Percy, I don't pretend to understand
prophecies."
"Yeah," I said.
"Well, maybe that's because they don't make any sense."
Chiron gazed at the saltwater spring gurgling in the corner of the room.
"Thalia would
not have been my first choice to go on this quest.
She's too impetuous.
She acts without
thinking.
She is too sure of herself"
"Would you have chosen me?"
"Frankly, no," he said.
"You and Thalia are much alike."
"Thanks a lot."
He smiled.
"The difference is that you are less sure of yourself than Thalia.
That could
be good or bad.
But one thing I can say: both of you together would be a dangerous thing.
"
"We could handle it.
"
"The way you handled it at the creek tonight?"
I didn't answer.
He'd nailed me.
"Perhaps it is for the best," Chiron mused.
"You can go home to your mother for the
holidays.
If we need you, we can call.
"
"Yeah," I said.
"Maybe."
I pulled Riptide out of my pocket and set it on my nightstand.
It didn't seem that I'd be
using it for anything but writing Christmas cards.
When he saw the pen, Chiron grimaced.
"It's no wonder Zoe doesn't want you along, I
suppose.
Not while you're carrying that particular weapon.
"
I didn't understand what he meant.
Then I remembered something he'd told me a long
time ago, when he first gave me the magic sword: It has a long and tragic history, which we
need not go into.
I wanted to ask him about that, but then he pulled a golden drachma from his saddlebag
and tossed it to me.
"Call your mother, Percy.
Let her know you're coming home in the
morning.
And, ah, for what it's worth… I almost volunteered for this quest myself.
I would
have gone, if not for the last line."
"One shall perish by a parent's hand.
Yeah.
"
I didn't need to ask.
I knew Chiron's dad was Kronos, the evil Titan Lord himself.
The
line would make perfect sense if Chiron went on the quest.
Kronos didn't care for anyone,
including his own children.
"Chiron," I said.
"You know what this Titan's curse is, don't you?"
His face darkened.
He made a claw over his heart and pushed outward—an ancient
gesture for warding off evil.
"Let us hope the prophecy does not mean what I think.
Now,
good night, Percy.
And your time will come.
I'm convinced of that.
There's no need to rush.
"
He said your time the way people did when they meant your death.
I didn't know if
Chiron meant it that way, but the look in his eyes made me scared to ask.
I stood at the saltwater spring, rubbing Chiron's coin in my hand and trying to figure out
what to say to my mom.
I really wasn't in the mood to have one more adult tell me that doing
nothing was the greatest thing I could do, but I figured my mom deserved an update.
Finally, I took a deep breath and threw in the coin.
"O goddess, accept my offering.
"
The mist shimmered.
The light from the bathroom was just enough to make a faint
rainbow.
"Show me Sally Jackson," I said.
"Upper East Side, Manhattan."
And there in the mist was a scene I did not expect.
My mom was sitting at our kitchen
table with some… guy.
They were laughing hysterically.
There was a big stack of textbooks

between them.
The man was, I don't know, thirty-something, with longish salt-and-pepper
hair and a brown jacket over a black T-shirt.
He looked like an actor—like a guy who might
play an undercover cop on television.
I was too stunned to say anything, and fortunately, my mom and the guy were too busy
laughing to notice my Iris-message.
I was wondering if the cup
would turn invisible when I picked it up, or if I'd have to deal with a floating hot chocolate
problem, when my whole plan was ruined by Zoe, Thalia, Bianca, and Grover all coming out
of the store.
"Grover, are you sure?"
Thalia was saying.
"Well… pretty sure.
Ninety-nine percent.
Okay, eighty-five percent.
"
"And you did this with acorns?"
Bianca asked, like she couldn't believe it.
Grover looked offended.
"It's a time-honored tracking spell.
I mean, I'm pretty sure I did
it right.
"
"D.C. is about sixty miles from here," Bianca said.
"Nico and I…" She frowned.
"We
used to live there.
That's… that's strange.
I'd forgotten.
"
"I dislike this," Zoe said.
"We should go straight west.
The prophecy said west."
"Oh, like your tracking skills are better?"
Thalia growled.
Zoe stepped toward her.
"You challenge my skills, you scullion?
You know nothing of
being a Hunter!"
"Oh, scullion You're calling me a scullion?
What the heck is a scullion?"
"Whoa, you two," Grover said nervously.
"Come on.
Not again!"
"Grover's right," Bianca said.
"D.C. is our best bet.
"
Zoe didn't look convinced, but she nodded reluctantly.
"Very well.
Let us keep
moving.
"
"You're going to get us arrested, driving," Thalia grumbled.
"I look closer to sixteen
than you do.
"
"Perhaps," Zoe snapped.
"But I have been driving since automobiles were invented.
Let
us go."
As Blackjack and I continued south, following the van, I wondered whether Zoe had
been kidding.
I didn't know exactly when cars were invented, but I figured that was like
prehistoric times—back when people watched black-and-white TV and hunted dinosaurs.
How old was Zoe?
And what had Mr. D been talking about?
What bad experience had
she had with heroes?
As we got closer to Washington, Blackjack started slowing down and dropping altitude.
He was breathing heavily.
"You okay?"
I asked him.
Fine, boss.
I could… I could take on an army.
"You don't sound so good."
And suddenly I felt guilty, because I'd been running the
pegasus for half a day, nonstop, trying to keep up with highway traffic.
Even for a flying
horse, that had to be rough.
Don't worry about me, boss!
I'm a tough one.
I figured he was right, but I also figured Blackjack would run himself into the ground
before he complained, and I didn't want that.
Fortunately, the van started to slow down.
It crossed the Potomac River into central
Washington.
I started thinking about air patrols and missiles and stuff like that.
I didn't know
exactly how all those defenses worked, and wasn't sure if pegasi even showed up on your
typical military radar, but I didn't want to find out by getting shot out of the sky.
"Set me down there," I told Blackjack.
"That's close enough.
"
Blackjack was so tired he didn't complain.
He dropped toward the Washington
Monument and set me on the grass.
The van was only a few blocks away.
Zoe had parked at the curb.
I looked at Blackjack.
"I want you to go back to camp.
Get some rest.
Graze.
I'll be
fine.
"
Blackjack cocked his head skeptically.
You sure, boss?
"You've done enough already," I said.
"I'll be fine.
And thanks a ton.
"
A ton of hay, maybe, Blackjack mused.
That sounds good.
All .
right, but be careful,
boss.
I got a feeling they didn't come here to meet anything friendly and handsome like me.
I promised to be careful.
Then Blackjack took off, circling twice around the monument
before disappearing into the clouds.
I looked over at the white van.
Everybody was getting out.
Grover pointed toward one
of the big buildings lining the Mall.
Thalia nodded, and the four of them trudged off into the
cold wind.
I started to follow.
But then I froze.
A block away, the door of a black sedan opened.
A man with gray hair and a military
buzz cut got out.
He was wearing dark shades and a black overcoat.
Now, maybe in
Washington, you'd expected guys like that to be everywhere.
But it dawned on me that I'd
seen this same car a couple of times on the highway, going south.
It had been following the
van.
The guy took out his mobile phone and said something into it.
Then he looked around,
like he was making sure the coast was clear, and started walking down the Mall in the
direction of my friends.
The worst of it was: when he turned toward me, I recognized his face.
It was Dr. Thorn,
the manticore from Westover Hall.
Invisibility cap on, I followed Thorn from a distance.
My heart was pounding.
Finally, Grover stopped in front of a big building that said NATIONAL AIR AND
SPACE MUSEUM.
The Smithsonian!
I'd been here a million years ago with my mom, but
everything had looked so much bigger then.
Thalia checked the door.
It was open, but there weren't many people going in.
Too cold,
and school was out of session.
They slipped inside.
Dr. Thorn hesitated.
I wasn't sure why, but he didn't go into the museum.
He turned and
headed across the Mall.
I made a split-second decision and followed him.
Thorn crossed the street and climbed the steps of the Museum of Natural History.
There
was a big sign on the door.
At first I thought it said CLOSED FOR PIRATE EVENT.
Then I
realized PIRATE must be PRIVATE.
I followed Dr. Thorn inside, through a huge chamber full of mastodons and dinosaur
skeletons.
There were voices up ahead, coming from behind a set of closed doors.
Two guards
stood outside.
They opened the doors for Thorn, and I had to sprint to get inside before they
closed them again.
Inside, what I saw was so terrible I almost gasped out loud, which probably would've
gotten me killed.
I was in a huge round room with a balcony ringing the second level.
At least a dozen
mortal guards stood on the balcony, plus two monsters—reptilian women with double-snake
trunks instead of legs.
I'd seen them before.
Annabeth had called them Scythian dracaenae.
But that wasn't the worse of it.
Grover said.
"Thank goodness."
Zoe glared at him, and he blushed.
"I mean, um, gosh.
"We were following Artemis's trail," Grover said.
"I was pretty sure it led here.
Some
powerful monster scent…
She must've stopped here looking for the mystery monster.
But we
haven't found anything yet."
"Zoe," Bianca said nervously, "if it is the General—"
"It cannot be!"
Zoe snapped.
"Percy must have seen an Iris-message or some other
illusion.
"
"Illusions don't crack marble floors," I told her.
Zoe took a deep breath, trying to calm herself.
I didn't know why she was taking it so
personally, or how she knew this General guy, but I figured now wasn't the time to ask.
"If
Percy is telling the truth about the skeleton warriors," she said, "we have no time to argue.
They are the worst, the most horrible… We must leave now."
"Good idea," I said.
"I was not including thee, boy," Zoe said.
"You are not part of this quest."
"Hey, I'm trying to save your lives!"
"You shouldn't have come, Percy," Thalia said grimly.
"But you're here now.
Come on.
Let's get back to the van.
"
"That is not thy decision!"
Zoe snapped.
Thalia scowled at her.
"You're not the boss here, Zoe.
I don't care how old you
are!You're still a conceited little brat!"
"You never had any wisdom when it came to boys," Zoe growled.
"You never could
leave them behind!"
Thalia looked like she was about to hit Zoe.
Then everyone froze, I heard a growl so
loud I thought one of the rocket engines was starting up.
Below us, a few adults screamed.
A little kid's voice screeched with delight: "Kitty!"
Something enormous bounded up the ramp.
It was the size of a pick-up truck, with
silver claws and golden glittering fur.
I'd seen this monster once before.
Two years ago, I'd
glimpsed it briefly from a train.
Now, up close and personal, it looked even bigger.
"The Nemean Lion," Thalia said.
"Don't move.
"
The lion roared so loud it parted my hair.
Its fangs gleamed like stainless steel.
"Separate on my mark," Zoe said.
"Try to keep it distracted."
"Until when?" Grover asked.
"Until I think of a way to kill it.
Go!"
I uncapped Riptide and rolled to the left.
Arrows whistled past me, and Grover played a
sharp tweet-tweet cadence on his reed pipes.
I turned and saw Zoe and Bianca climbing the
Apollo capsule.
They were firing arrows, one after another, all shattering harmlessly against
the lions metallic fur.
The lion swiped the capsule and tipped it on its side, spilling the
Hunters off the back.
Grover played a frantic, horrible tune, and the lion turned toward him,
but Thalia stepped into its path, holding up Aegis, and the lion recoiled.
"ROOOAAAR!"
"Hi-yah!"
Thalia said.
"Back!"
The lion growled and clawed the air, but it retreated as if the shield were a blazing fire.
For a second, I thought Thalia had it under control.
Then I saw the lion crouching, its
leg muscles tensing.
I'd seen enough cat fights in the alleys around my apartment in New
York.
I knew the lion was going to pounce.
"Hey!"
I yelled.
I don't know what I was thinking, but I charged the beast.
I just wanted
to get it away from my friends.
I slashed with Riptide, a good strike to the flank that should've
cut the monster into Meow Mix, but the blade just clanged against its fur in a burst of sparks.
The lion raked me with its claws, ripping off a chunk of my coat.
I backed against the
railing.
It sprang at me, one thousand pounds of monster, and I had no choice but to turn and
jump.
I landed on the wing of an old-fashioned silver airplane, which pitched and almost
spilled me to the floor, three stories below.
An arrow whizzed past my head.
The lion jumped onto the aircraft, and the cords
holding the plane began to groan.
The lion swiped at me, and I dropped onto the next exhibit, a weird-looking spacecraft
with blades like a helicopter.
I looked up and saw the lion roar—inside its maw, a pink tongue
and throat.
Its mouth, I thought.
Its fur was completely invulnerable, but if I could strike it in the
mouth…
The only problem was, the monster moved too quickly.
Between its claws and
fangs, I couldn't get close without getting sliced to pieces.
"Zoe!"
I shouted.
"Target the mouth!"
The monster lunged.
An arrow zipped past it, missing completely, and I dropped from
the spaceship onto the top of a floor exhibit, a huge model of the earth.
I slid down Russia and
dropped off the equator.
The Nemean Lion growled and steadied itself on the spacecraft, but its weight was too
much.
One of the cords snapped.
As the display swung down like a pendulum, the lion leaped
off onto the model earth's North Pole.
"Grover!"
I yelled.
"Clear the area!"

Groups of kids were running around screaming.
Grover tried to corral them away from
the monster just as the other cord on the spaceship snapped and the exhibit crashed to the
floor.
Thalia dropped off the second-floor railing and landed across from me, on the other side
of the globe.
The lion regarded us both, trying to decide which of us to kill first.
Zoe and Bianca were above us, bows ready, but they kept having to move around to get
a good angle.
"No clear shot!"
Zoe yelled.
"Get it to open its mouth more!"
The lion snarled from the top of the globe.
I looked around.
Options.
I needed…
The gift shop.
I had a vague memory from my trip here as a little kid.
Something I'd
made my mom buy me, and I'd regretted it.
If they still sold that stuff…
"Thalia," I said, "keep it occupied.
"
She nodded grimly.
"Hi-yah!"
She pointed her spear and a spidery arc of blue electricity shot out, zapping
the lion in the tail.
"ROOOOOOOAR!"
The lion turned and pounced.
Thalia rolled out of its way, holding
up Aegis to keep the monster at bay, and I ran for the gift shop.
"This is no time for souvenirs, boy!"
Zoe yelled.
I dashed into the shop, knocking over rows of T-shirts, jumping over tables full of glowin-the-dark planets and space ooze.
The sales lady didn't protest.
She was too busy cowering
behind her cash register.
There!
On the far wall—glittery silver packets.
Whole racks of them.
I scooped up
every kind I could find and ran out of the shop with an armful.
Zoe and Bianca were still showering arrows on the monster, but it was no good.
The
lion seemed to know better than to open its mouth too much.
It snapped at Thalia, slashing
with its claws.
It even kept its eyes narrowed to tiny slits.
Thalia jabbed at the monster and backed up.
The lion pressed her.
"Percy," she called, "whatever you're going to do—"
The lion roared and swatted her like a cat toy, sending her flying into the side of a Titan
rocket.
Her head hit the metal and she slid to the floor.
"Hey!"
I yelled at the lion.
I was too far away to strike, so I took a risk: I hurled Riptide
like a throwing knife.
It bounced off the lion's side, but that was enough to get the monster's
attention.
It turned toward me and snarled.
There was only one way to get close enough.
I charged, and as the lion leaped to
intercept me, I chunked a space food pouch into its maw—a chunk of cellophane-wrapped,
freeze-dried strawberry parfait.
The lion's eyes got wide and it gagged like a cat with a hairball.
I couldn't blame it.
I remembered feeling the same way when I'd tried to eat space food
as a kid.
The stuff was just plain nasty.
"Zoe, get ready!"
I yelled.
Behind me, I could hear people screaming.
Grover was playing another horrible song on
his pipes.
I scrambled away from the lion.
It managed to choke down the space food packet and
looked at me with pure hate.
"Snack time!"
I yelled.
It made the mistake of roaring at me, and I got an ice-cream sandwich in its throat.
Fortunately, I had always been a pretty good pitcher, even though baseball wasn't my game.
Before the lion could stop gagging, I shot in two more flavors of ice cream and a freeze-dried
spaghetti dinner.
The lion's eyes bugged.
It opened its mouth wide and reared up on its back paws, trying
to get away from me.
"Now!"
I yelled.
Immediately, arrows pierced the lion's maw—two, four, six.
The lion thrashed wildly,
turned, and fell backward.
And then it was still.
Alarms wailed throughout the museum.
People were flocking to the exits.
Security
guards were running around in a panic with no idea what was going on.
Grover knelt at Thalia's side and helped her up.
She seemed okay, just a little dazed.
Zoe and Bianca dropped from the balcony and landed next to me.
Zoe eyed me cautiously.
"That was… an interesting strategy.
"
"Hey, it worked.
"
She didn't argue.
The lion seemed to be melting, the way dead monsters do sometimes, until there was
nothing left but its glittering fur coat, and even that seemed to be shrinking to the size of a
normal lion's pelt.
"Take it," Zoe told me.
I stared at her.
"What, the lion's fur? Isn't that, like, an animal rights violation or
something?"
"It is a spoil of war," she told me.
"It is rightly thine.
"
"You killed it," I said.
She shook her head, almost smiling.
"I think thy ice-cream sandwich did that.
Fair is
fair, Percy Jackson.
Take the fur.
"
I lifted it up; it was surprisingly light.
The fur was smooth and soft.
It didn't feel at all
like something that could stop a blade.
As I watched, the pelt shifted and changed into a
coat—a full-length golden-brown duster.
"Not exactly my style," I murmured.
"We have to get out of here," Grover said.
"The security guards won't stay confused for
long.
"
I noticed for the first time how strange it was that the guards hadn't rushed forward to
arrest us.
They were scrambling in all directions except ours, like they were madly searching
for something.
A few were running into the walls or each other.
"You did that?"
I asked Grover.
He nodded, looking a little embarrassed.
"A minor confusion song.
I played some Barry
Manilow.
It works every time.
But it'll only last a few seconds.
"
"The security guards are not our biggest worry," Zoe said.
"Look."
Through the glass walls of the museum, I could see a group of men walking across the
lawn.
Gray men in gray camouflage outfits.
They were too far away for us to see their eyes,
but I could feel their gaze aimed straight at me.
"Go," I said.
"They'll be hunting me.
I'll distract them.
"
"No," Zoe said.
"We go together.
"
I stared at her.
"But, you said—"
"You are part of this quest now," Zoe said grudgingly.
"I do not like it, but there is no
changing fate.
You are the fifth quest member.
And we are not leaving anyone behind.
"

ELEVEN
GROVER GETS A LAMBORGHINI

We were crossing the Potomac when we spotted the helicopter.
It was a sleek, black
military model just like the one we'd seen at Westover Hall.
And it was coming straight
toward us.
"They know the van," I said.
"We have to ditch it."
Zoe swerved into the fast lane.
The helicopter was gaining.
"Maybe the military will shoot it down," Grover said hopefully.
"The military probably thinks it's one of theirs," I said.
"How can the General use
mortals, anyway?"
"Mercenaries," Zoe said bitterly.
"It is distasteful, but many mortals will fight for any
cause as long as they are paid."
"But don't these mortals see who they're working for?"
I asked.
"Don't they notice all
the monsters around them?"
Zoe shook her head.
"I do not know how much they see through the Mist.
I doubt it
would matter to them if they knew the truth.
Sometimes mortals can be more horrible than
monsters.
"
The helicopter kept coming, making a lot better time than we were through D.C. traffic.
Thalia closed her eyes and prayed hard.
"Hey, Dad.
A lightning bolt would be nice
about now.
Please?"
But the sky stayed gray and snowy.
No sign of a helpful thunderstorm.
"There!"
Bianca said.
"That parking lot!"
"We'll be trapped," Zoe said.
"Trust me," Bianca said.
Zoe shot across two lanes of traffic and into a mall parking lot on the south bank of the
river.
We left the van and followed Bianca down some steps.
"Subway entrance," Bianca said.
"Let's go south.
Alexandria."
"Anything," Thalia agreed.
We bought tickets and got through the turnstiles, looking behind us for any signs of
pursuit.
A few minutes later we were safely aboard a southbound train, riding away from D.C.
As our train came above ground, we could see the helicopter circling the parking lot, but it
didn't come after us.
Grover let out a sigh.
"Nice job, Bianca, thinking of the subway."
Bianca looked pleased.
"Yeah, well.
I saw that station when Nico and I came through
last summer.
I remember being really surprised to see it, because it wasn't here when we used
to live in D.C."
Grover frowned.
"New?
But that station looked really old.
"
"I guess," Bianca said.
"But trust me, when we lived here as little kids, there was no
subway.
"
Thalia sat forward.
"Wait a minute.
No subway at all?"
Bianca nodded.
Now, I knew nothing about D.C., but I didn't see how their whole subway system could
be less than twelve years old.
I guess everyone else was thinking the same thing, because they
looked pretty confused.
"Bianca," Zoe said.
"How long ago…" Her voice faltered.
The sound of the helicopter
was getting louder again.
"We need to change trains," I said.
"Next station.
"
Over the next half hour, all we thought about was getting away safely.
We changed
trains twice.
I had no idea where we were going, but after a while we lost the helicopter.
Unfortunately, when we finally got off the train we found ourselves at the end of the
line, in an industrial area with nothing but warehouses and railway tracks.
And snow.
Lots of
snow.
It seemed much colder here.
I was glad for my new lion's fur coat.
We wandered through the railway yard, thinking there might be another passenger train
somewhere, but there were just rows and rows of freight cars, most of which were covered in
snow, like they hadn't moved in years.
A homeless guy was standing at a trash-can fire.
We must've looked pretty pathetic,
because he gave us a toothless grin and said, "Y'all need to get warmed up?
Come on over!'
We huddled around his fire, Thalia's teeth were chattering.
She said, "Well this is g-g-ggreat."
"My hooves are frozen," Grover complained.
"Feet," I corrected, for the sake of the homeless guy.
"Maybe we should contact camp," Bianca said.
"Chiron—"
"No," Zoe said.
"They cannot help us anymore.
We must finish this quest ourselves.
"
I gazed miserably around the rail yard.
As we walked, I told Grover about my
conversation with Apollo the night before—how he'd told me to seek out Nereus in San
Francisco.
Grover looked uneasy.
"That's good, I guess.
But we've got to get there first.
"
I tried not to get too depressed about our chances.
I didn't want to send Grover into a
panic, but I knew we had another huge deadline looming, aside from saving Artemis in time
for her council of the gods.
No way
out."
"There's a coffee shop!" said Grover.
"Yes," Zoe said.
"Coffee is good.
"
"And pastries," Grover said dreamily.
"And wax paper.
"
Thalia sighed.
"Fine.
How about you two go get us some food.
Percy, Bianca, and I will
check in the grocery store.
Maybe they can give us directions.
"
We agreed to meet back in front of the grocery store in fifteen minutes.
Bianca looked a
little uncomfortable coming with us, but she did.
Inside the store, we found out a few valuable things about Cloudcroft: there wasn't
enough snow for skiing, the grocery store sold rubber rats for a dollar each, and there was no
easy way in or out of town unless you had your own car.
"You could call for a taxi from Alamogordo," the clerk said doubtfully.
"That's down at
the bottom of the mountains, but it would take at least an hour to get here.
Cost several
hundred dollars.
"
The clerk looked so lonely, I bought a rubber rat.
Then we headed back outside and
stood on the porch.
"Wonderful," Thalia grumped.
"I'm going to walk down the street, see if anybody in the
other shops has a suggestion."
"But the clerk said—"
"I know," she told me.
"I'm checking anyway.
"
I let her go.
I knew how it felt to be restless.
All half-bloods had attention deficit
problems because of our inborn battlefield reflexes.
We couldn't stand just waiting around.
Except for that, you're a good guy."
A couple hundred yards away, Grover and Zoe came out of the coffee shop loaded
down with pastry bags and drinks.
I kind of didn't want them to come back yet.
It was weird,
but I realized I liked talking to Bianca.
She wasn't so bad.
A lot easier to hang out with than
Zoe Nightshade, anyway.
"So what's the story with you and Nico?"
I asked her.
"Where did you go to school
before Westover?
"
She frowned.
"I think it was a boarding school in D.C.
It seems like so long ago."
"You never lived with your parents?
I mean, your mortal parent?"
"We were told our parents were dead.
There was a bank trust for us.
A lot of money, I
think.
A lawyer would come by once in a while to check on us.
Then Nico and I had to leave
that school."
"Why?"
She knit her eyebrows.
"We had to go somewhere.
I remember it was important.
We
traveled a long way.
And we stayed in this hotel for a few weeks.
And then… I don't know.
One day a different lawyer came to get us out.
He said it was time for us to leave.
He drove us
back east, through D.C.
Then up into Maine.
And we started going to Westover.
"
It was a strange story.
Then again, Bianca and Nico were half-bloods.
Nothing would be
normal for them.
"So you've been raising Nico pretty much all your life?"
I asked.
"Just the two of you?"
She nodded.
"That's why I wanted to join the Hunters so bad.
I mean, I know it's selfish,
but I wanted my own life and friends.
I love Nico—don't get me wrong—I just needed to find
out what it would be like not to be a big sister twenty-four hours a day.
"
I thought about last summer, the way I'd felt when I found out I had a Cyclops for a
baby brother.
I could relate to what Bianca was saying.
"Zoe seems to trust you,"I said.
"What were you guys talking about, anyway—
something dangerous about the quest?"
"When?"
Yesterday morning on the pavilion," I said, before I could stop myself.
"Something
about the General.
"
Her face darkened.
"How did you… The invisibility hat.
Were you eavesdropping?
"
"No! I mean, not really.
I just—"
I was saved from trying to explain when Zoe and Grover arrived with the drinks and
pastries.
Hot chocolate for Bianca and me.
Coffee for them.
I got a blueberry muffin, and it
was so good I could almost ignore the outraged look Bianca was giving me.
"We should do the tracking spell," Zoe said.
"Grover, do you have any acorns left?"
"Umm," Grover mumbled.
He was chewing on a bran muffin, wrapper and all.
"I think
so.
I just need to—"
He froze.
I was about to ask what was wrong, when a warm breeze rustled past, like a gust of
springtime had gotten lost in the middle of winter.
Fresh air seasoned with wildflowers and
sunshine.
And something else—almost like a voice, trying to say something.
A warning.
Zoe gasped.
"Grover, thy cup."
Grover dropped his coffee cup, which was decorated with pictures of birds.
Suddenly
the birds peeled off the cup and flew away—a flock of tiny doves.
My rubber rat squeaked.
It
scampered off the railing and into the trees—real fur, real whiskers.
Grover collapsed next to his coffee, which steamed against the snow.
We gathered
around him and tried to wake him up.
He groaned, his eyes fluttering.
"Hey!"
Thalia said, running up from the street.
"I just… What's wrong with Grover?"
"I don't know," I said.
"He collapsed."
"Uuuuuhhhh," Grover groaned.
"Well, get him up!"
Thalia said.
She had her spear in her hand.
She looked behind her as
if she were being followed.
"We have to get out of here.
"

We made it to the edge of the town before the first two skeleton warriors appeared.
They stepped from the trees on either side of the road.
Instead of gray camouflage, they were

now wearing blue New Mexico State Police uniforms, but they had the same transparent gray
skin and yellow eyes.
They drew their handguns.
I'll admit I used to think it would be kind of cool to learn
how to shoot a gun, but I changed my mind as soon as the skeleton warriors pointed theirs at
me.
Thalia tapped her bracelet.
Aegis spiraled to life on her arm, but the warriors didn't
flinch.
Their glowing yellow eyes bored right into me.
I drew Riptide, though I wasn't sure what good it would do against guns.
Zoe and Bianca drew their bows, but Bianca was having trouble because Grover kept
swooning and leaning against her.
"Back up," Thalia said.
We started to—but then I heard a rustling of branches.
Two more skeletons appeared on
the road behind us.
We were surrounded.
I wondered where the other skeletons were.
I'd seen a dozen at the Smithsonian.
Then
one of the warriors raised a cell phone to his mouth and spoke into it.
Except he wasn't speaking.
He made a clattering, clicking sound, like dry teeth on bone.
Suddenly I understood what was going on.
The skeletons had split up to look for us.
These
skeletons were now calling their brethren.
Soon we'd have a full party on our hands.
"It's near," Grover moaned.
"It's here," I said.
"No," he insisted.
"The gift.
The gift from the Wild.
"
I didn't know what he was talking about, but I was worried about his condition.
He was
in no shape to walk, much less fight.
"We'll have to go one-on-one," Thalia said.
"Four of them.
Four of us.
Maybe they'll
ignore Grover that way.
"
"Agreed," said Zoe.
"The Wild!"
Grover moaned.
A warm wind blew through the canyon, rustling the trees, but I kept my eyes on the
skeletons.
Thalia raised her spear, but Grover yelled, "Don't kill it.'
"
The boar grunted and pawed the ground, ready to charge.
"That's the Erymanthian Boar," Zoe said, trying to stay calm.
"I don't think we can kill
it."
"It's a gift," Grover said.
"A blessing from the Wild!"
The boar said "REEEEEEET!" and swung its tusk.
Zoe and Bianca dived out of the
way.
I had to push Grover so he wouldn't get launched into the mountain on the Boar Tusk
Express.
"Yeah, I feel blessed!"
I said.
"Scatter!"
We ran in different directions, and for a moment the boar was confused.
"It wants to kill us!"
Thalia said.
"Of course," Grover said.
"It's wild!"
"So how is that a blessing?" Bianca asked.
It seemed a fair question to me, but the pig was offended and charged her.
She was
faster than I'd realized.
She rolled out of the way of its hooves and came up behind the beast.
It lashed out with its tusks and pulverized the WELCOME TO CLOUDCROFT sign.
I racked my brain, trying to remember the myth of the boar.
I was pretty sure Hercules
had fought this thing once, but I couldn't remember how he'd beaten it.
I had a vague memory
of the boar plowing down several Greek cities before Hercules managed to subdue it.
I hoped
Cloudcroft was insured against giant wild boar attacks.
"Keep moving!"
Zoe yelled.
She and Bianca ran in opposite directions.
Grover danced
around the boar, playing his pipes while the boar snorted and tried to gouge him.
But Thalia
and I won the prize for bad luck.
When the boar turned on us, Thalia made the mistake of
raising Aegis in defense.
The sight of the Medusa head made the boar squeal in outrage.
Maybe it looked too much like one of his relatives.
The boar charged us.
We only managed to keep ahead of it because we ran uphill, and we could dodge in and
out of trees while the boar had to plow through them.
On the other side of the hill, I found an old stretch of train tracks, half buried in the
snow.
"This way.'" I grabbed Thalia's arm and we ran along the rails while the boar roared
behind us, slipping and sliding as it tried to navigate the steep hillside.
Its hooves just were
not made for this, thank the gods.
Ahead of us, I saw a covered tunnel.
Past that, an old trestle bridge spanning a gorge.
I
had a crazy idea.
"Follow me!"
Thalia slowed down—I didn't have time to ask why—but I pulled her along and she
reluctantly followed.
Behind us, a ten-ton pig tank was knocking down pine trees and
crushing boulders under its hooves as it chased us.
Thalia and I ran into the tunnel and came out on the other side.
"No!"
Thalia screamed.
She'd turned as white as ice.
We were at the edge of the bridge.
Below, the mountain
dropped away into a snow-filled gorge about seventy feet below.
The boar was right behind us.
"Come on!"
I said.
"It'll hold our weight, probably.
"
"I can't!"
Thalia yelled.
Her eyes were wild with fear.
The boar smashed into the covered tunnel, tearing through at full speed.
"Now!"
I yelled at Thalia.
She looked down and swallowed.
I swear she was turning green.
I didn't have time to process why.
The boar was charging through the tunnel, straight
toward us.
Plan B. I tackled Thalia and sent us both sideways off the edge of the bridge, into
the side of the mountain.
We slid on Aegis like a snow-board, over rocks and mud and snow,
racing downhill.
The boar was less fortunate; it couldn't turn that fast, so all ten tons of the
monster charged out onto the tiny trestle, which buckled under its weight.
The boar free-fell
into the gorge with a mighty squeal and landed in a snowdrift with a huge POOOOOF!
Thalia and I skidded to a stop.
We were both breathing hard.
I was cut up and bleeding.
Thalia had pine needles in her hair.
Next to us, the wild boar was squealing and struggling.
All I could see was the bristly tip of its back.
It was wedged completely in the snow like
Styrofoam packing.
It didn't seem to be hurt, but it wasn't going anywhere, either.
I looked at Thalia.
"You're afraid of heights.
"

Now that we were safely down the mountain, her eyes had their usual angry look.
"Don't be stupid.
"
"That explains why you freaked out on Apollo's bus.
Why you didn't want to talk about
it.
"
She took a deep breath.
Then she brushed the pine needles out of her hair.
"If you tell
anyone, I swear—"
"No, no," I said.
"That's cool.
"
She was about to knock me into the snow when, above us, Grover's voice called,
"Helloooooo?"
"Down here!"
I shouted.
A few minutes later, Zoe, Bianca, and Grover joined us.
We stood watching the wild
boar struggle in the snow.
"A blessing of the Wild," Grover said, though he now looked agitated.
"I agree," Zoe said.
"We must use it."
"Hold up," Thalia said irritably.
She still looked like 1 she'd just lost a fight with a
Christmas tree.
"Explain to me why you're so sure this pig is a blessing."
Grover looked over, distracted.
"It's our ride west.
Do you have any idea how fast this
boar can travel?"
"Fun," I said.
"Like… pig cowboys.
"
Grover nodded.
"We need to get aboard.
I wish… I wish I had more time to look
around.
But it's gone now."
"What's gone?"
Grover didn't seem to hear me.
He walked over to the boar and jumped onto its back.
Already the boar was starting to make some headway through the drift.
Once it broke free,
there'd be no stopping it.
Grover took out his pipes.
He started playing a snappy tune and
tossed an apple in front of the boar.
The apple floated and spun right above the boar's nose,
and the boar went nuts, straining to get it.
"Automatic steering," Thalia murmured.
"Great."
She trudged over and jumped on behind Grover, which still left plenty of room for the
rest of us.
Zoe and Bianca walked toward the boar.
"Wait a second," I said.
"Do you two know what Grover is talking about—this wild
blessing?"
"Of course," Zoe said.
"Did you not feel it in the wind?
It was so strong… I never
thought I would sense that presence again.
"
"What presence?"
She stared at me like I was an idiot.
"The Lord of the Wild, of course.
Just for a
moment, in the arrival of the boar, I felt the presence of Pan."

THIRTEEN
WE VISIT THE JUNKYARD OF THE GODS

We rode the boar until sunset, which was about as much as my back end could take.
Imagine riding a giant steel brush over a bed of gravel all day.
That's about how comfortable
boar-riding was.
I have no idea how many miles we covered, but the mountains faded into the distance
and were replaced by miles of flat, dry land.
The grass and scrub brush got sparser until we
were galloping (do boars gallop?) across the desert.
As night fell, the boar came to a stop at a creek bed and snorted.
He started drinking the
muddy water, then ripped a saguaro cactus out of the ground and chewed it, needles and all.
"This is as far as he'll go," Grover said.
"We need to get off while he's eating.
"
Nobody needed convincing.
We slipped off the boar's back while he was busy ripping
up cacti.
Then we waddled away as best we could with our saddle sores.
After its third saguaro and another drink of muddy water, the boar squealed and
belched, then whirled around and galloped back toward the east.
"It likes the mountains better," I guessed.
"I can't blame it," Thalia said.
"Look."
Ahead of us was a two-lane road half covered with sand.
On the other side of the road
was a cluster of buildings too small to be a town: a boarded-up house, a taco shop that looked
like it hadn't been open since before Zoe Nightshade was born, and a white stucco post office
with a sign that said GILA CLAW, ARIZONA hanging crooked above the door.
Beyond that
was a range of hills… but then I noticed they weren't regular hills.
The countryside was way
too flat for that.
The hills were enormous mounds of old cars, appliances, and other scrap
metal.
It was a junkyard that seemed to go on forever.
"Whoa," I said.
"Something tells me we're not going to find a car rental here," Thalia said.
She looked at
Graver.
"I don't suppose you got another wild boar up your sleeve?
"
Grover was sniffing the wind, looking nervous.
He fished out his acorns and threw them
into the sand, then played his pipes.
They rearranged themselves in a pattern that made no
sense to me, but Grover looked concerned.
"That's us," he said.
"Those five nuts right there."
"Which one is me?"
I asked.
"The little deformed one," Zoe suggested.
"Oh, shut up."
"That cluster right there," Grover said, pointing to the left, "that's trouble.
"
"A monster?"
Thalia asked.
Grover looked uneasy.
"I don't smell anything, which doesn't make sense.
But the
acorns don't lie.
Our next challenge…"
He pointed straight toward the junkyard.
With the sunlight almost gone now, the hills of
metal looked like something on an alien planet.
We decided to camp for the night and try the junkyard in the morning.
None of us
wanted to go Dumpster-diving in the dark.
Zoe and Bianca produced five sleeping bags and foam mattresses out of their
backpacks.
I don't know how they did it, because the packs were tiny, but must've been
enchanted to hold so much stuff.
I'd noticed their bows and quivers were also magic.
I never
really thought about it, but when the Hunters needed them, they just appeared slung over their
backs.
And when they didn't, they were gone.
The night got chilly fast, so Grover and I collected old boards from the ruined house,
and Thalia zapped them with an electric shock to start a campfire.
Pretty soon we were about
as comfy as you can get in a rundown ghost town in the middle of nowhere.
"The stars are out," Zoe said.
She was right.
There were millions of them, with no city lights to turn the sky orange.
"Amazing," Bianca said.
"I've never actually seen the Milky Way."
"This is nothing," Zoe said.
"In the old days, there were more.
Whole constellations
have disappeared because of human light pollution.
"
"You talk like you're not human," I said.
Zoe raised an eyebrow.
"I am a Hunter.
I care what happens to the wild places of the
world.
Can the same be said for thee?"
"For you," Thalia corrected.
"Not thee"
"But you use you for the beginning of a sentence."
"And for the end," Thalia said.
"No thou.
No thee.
Just you"
Zoe threw up her hands in exasperation.
"I hate this language.
It changes too often!"
Grover sighed.
He was still looking up at the stars like he was thinking about the light
pollution problem.
"If only Pan were here, he would set things right.
"
Zoe nodded sadly.
"Maybe it was the coffee," Grover said.
"I was drinking coffee, and the wind came.
Maybe if I drank more coffee…"
I was pretty sure coffee had nothing to do with what had happened in Cloudcroft, but I
didn't have the heart to tell Grover.
I thought about the rubber rat and the tiny birds that had
suddenly come alive when the wind blew.
"Grover, do you really think that was Pan?
I mean,
I know you want it to be.
"
"He sent us help," Grover insisted.
"I don't know how or why.
But it was his presence.
After this quest is done, I'm going back to New Mexico and drinking a lot of coffee.
It's the
best lead we've gotten in two thousand years.
I was so close.
"
I didn't answer.
I didn't want to squash Grover's hopes.
"What I want to know," Thalia said, looking at Bianca, "is how you destroyed one of the
zombies.
There are a lot more out there somewhere.
We need to figure out how to fight them.
"
Bianca shook her head.
"I don't know.
I just stabbed it and it went up in flames.
"
"Maybe there's something special about your knife," I said.
"It is the same as mine," Zoe said.
"Celestial bronze, yes.
But mine did not affect the
warriors that way."
"Maybe you have to hit the skeleton in a certain spot," I said.
Bianca looked uncomfortable with everybody paying attention to her.
"Never mind," Zoe told her.
"We will find the answer.
In the meantime, we should plan
our next move.
When we get through this junkyard, we must continue west.
If we can find a
road, we can hitchhike to the nearest city.
I think that would be Las Vegas.
"
I was about to protest that Grover and I had had bad experiences in that town, but
Bianca beat us to it.
"No!" she said.
"Not there!"
She looked really freaked out, like she'd just been dropped off the steep end of a roller
coaster.
Zoe frowned.
"Why?"
Bianca took a shaky breath.
"I… I think we stayed there for a while.
Nico and I.
When
we were traveling.
And then, I can't remember…"

Suddenly I had a really bad thought.
I remembered what
Bianca had told me about Nico and her staying in a hotel for a while.
I met Graver's
eyes, and I got the feeling he was thinking the same thing.
"Bianca," I said.
"That hotel you stayed at.
Was it possibly called the Lotus Hotel and
Casino?"
Her eyes widened.
"How could you know that?"
"Oh, great," I said.
"Wait," Thalia said.
"What is the Lotus Casino?"
"A couple of years ago," I said, "Grover, Annabeth, and I got trapped there.
It's
designed so you never want to leave.
We stayed for about an hour.
When we came out, five
days had passed.
It makes time speed up."
"No," Bianca said.
"No, that's not possible."
"You said somebody came and got you out," I remembered.
"Yes."
"What did he look like?
What did he say?"
"I… I don't remember.
Please, I really don't want to talk about this.
"
Zoe sat forward, her eyebrows knit with concern.
"You said that Washington, D.C., had
changed when you went back last summer.
You didn't remember the subway being there."
"Yes, but—"
"Bianca," Zoe said, "can you tell me the name of the president of the United States right
now?"
"Don't be silly," Bianca said.
She told us the correct name of the president.
"And who was the president before that?"
Zoe asked.
Bianca thought for a while.
"Roosevelt."
Zoe swallowed.
"Theodore or Franklin'?"
"Franklin," Bianca said.
"F.D.R."
"Like FDR Drive?"
I asked.
Because seriously, that's about all I knew about F.D.R.
"Bianca," Zoe said.
"F.D.R. was not the last president.
That was about seventy years
ago."

"That's impossible," Bianca said.
"I… I'm not that old.
"
She stared at her hands as if to make sure they weren't wrinkled.
Thalia's eyes turned sad.
I guess she knew what it was like to get pulled out of time for a
while.
"It's okay, Bianca, The important thing is you and Nico are safe.
You made it out.
"
"But how?" I said.
"We were only in there for an hour and we barely escaped.
How
could you have escaped after being there for so long?"
"I told you."
Bianca looked about ready to cry.
"A man came and said it was time to
leave.
And—"
"But who?
Why did he do it?"
Before she could answer, we were hit with a blazing light from down the road.
The
headlights of a car appeared out of nowhere.
I was half hoping it was Apollo, come to give us
a ride again, but the engine was way too silent for the sun chariot, and besides, it was
nighttime.
We grabbed our sleeping bags and got out of the way as a deathly white limousine
slid to a stop in front of us.
The back door of the limo opened right next to me.
Before I could step away, the point
of a sword touched my throat.
I heard the sound of Zoe and Bianca drawing their bows.
As the owner of the sword got
out of the car, I moved back very slowly.
I had to, because he was pushing the point under my
chin.
He smiled cruelly.
"Not so fast now, are you, punk?
"
He was a big man with a crew cut, a black leather biker's jacket, black jeans, a white
muscle shirt, and combat boots.
Wraparound shades hid his eyes, but I knew what was behind
those glasses—hollow sockets filled with flames.
"Ares," I growled.
The war god glanced at my friends.
"At ease, people.
"
He snapped his fingers, and their weapons fell to the ground.
"This is a friendly meeting."
He dug the point of his blade a little farther under my chin.
"Of course I'd like to take your head for a trophy, but someone wants to see you.
And I never
behead my enemies in front of a lady.
"
"What lady?"
Thalia asked.
Ares looked over at her.
"Well, well.
I heard you were back.
"

He lowered his sword and pushed me away.
It had been chopped to pieces, but some
of the branches still had golden birds in them, and they whirred around when Grover picked
them up, trying to flap their wings.
Finally, we saw the edge of the junkyard about half a mile ahead of us, the lights of a
highway stretching through the desert.
But between us and the road…
"What is that?"
Bianca gasped.
Ahead of us was a hill much bigger and longer than the others.
It was like a metal mesa,
the length of a football field and as tall as goalposts.
At one end of the mesa was a row of ten
thick metal columns, wedged tightly together.
Bianca frowned.
"They look like—"
"Toes," Grover said.
Bianca nodded.
"Really, really large toes.
"
Zoe and Thalia exchanged nervous looks.
"Let's go around," Thalia said.
"Far around."
"But the road is right over there," I protested.
"Quicker to climb over."
Ping.
Thalia hefted her spear and Zoe drew her bow, but then I realized it was only Grover.
He had thrown a piece of scrap metal at the toes and hit one, making a deep echo, as if the
column were hollow.
"Why did you do that?"
Zoe demanded.
Grover cringed.
"I don't know.
I, uh, don't like fake feet?"
"Come on."
Thalia looked at me.
"Around."
I didn't argue.
The toes were starting to freak me out, too.
I mean, who sculpts ten-foottall metal toes and sticks them in a junkyard?
After several minutes of walking, we finally stepped onto the highway, an abandoned
but well-lit stretch of black asphalt.
"We made it out," Zoe said.
"Thank the gods."
But apparently the gods didn't want to be thanked.
At that moment, I heard a sound like
a thousand trash compactors crushing metal.
I whirled around.
Behind us, the scrap mountain was boiling, rising up.
The ten toes
tilted over, and I realized why they looked like toes.
They were toes.
The thing that rose up
from the metal was a bronze giant in full Greek battle armor.
He was impossibly tall—a
skyscraper with legs and arms.
He gleamed wickedly in the moonlight.
He looked down at us,
and his face was deformed.
The left side was partially melted off.
His joints creaked with rust,
and across his armored chest, written in thick dust by some giant finger, were the words
WASH ME.
"Talos!"
Zoe gasped.
"Who—who's Talos?"
I stuttered.
"One of Hephaestus's creations," Thalia said.
"But that can't be the original.
It's too
small.
A prototype, maybe.
A defective model.
The metal giant didn't like the word defective.
He moved one hand to his sword belt and drew his weapon.
The sound of it coming out
of its sheath was horrible, metal screeching against metal.
The blade was a hundred feet long,
easy.
It looked rusty and dull, but I didn't figure that mattered.
Getting hit with that thing
would be like getting hit with a battleship.
"Someone took something," Zoe said.
"Who took something?"
She stared accusingly at me.
I shook my head.
"I'm a lot of things, but I'm not a thief."
Bianca didn't say anything.
I could swear she looked guilty, but I didn't have much time
to think about it, because the giant defective Talos took one step toward us, closing half the
distance and making the ground shake.
"Run!"
Grover yelped.
Great advice, except that it was hopeless.
At a leisurely stroll, this thing could
outdistance us easily.
We split up, the way we'd done with the Nemean Lion.
Thalia drew her shield and held
it up as she ran down the highway.
The giant swung his sword and took out a row of power
lines, which exploded in sparks and scattered across Thalia's path.
Zoe's arrows whistled toward the creature's face but shattered harmlessly against the
metal.
Grover brayed like a baby goat and went climbing up a mountain of metal.
Bianca and I ended up next to each other, hiding behind a broken chariot.
"You took something," I said.
"That bow."
"No!"
she said, but her voice was quivering.
"Give it back!"
I said.
"Throw it down!"
"I… I didn't take the bow!
Besides, it's too late."
"What did.
you take?"
Before she could answer, I heard a massive creaking noise, and a shadow blotted out the
sky.
"Move!"
I tore down the hill, Bianca right behind me, as the giant's foot smashed a
crater in the ground where we'd been hiding.
"Hey, Talos!"
Grover yelled, but the monster raised his sword, looking down at Bianca
and me.
Grover played a quick melody on his pipes.
Over at the highway, the downed power
lines began to dance.
I understood what Grover was going to do a split second before it
happened.
One of the poles with power lines still attached flew toward Talos's back leg and
wrapped around his calf The lines sparked and sent a jolt of electricity up the giant's backside.
Talos whirled around, creaking and sparking.
Grover had bought us a few seconds.
"Come on!"
I told Bianca.
But she stayed frozen.
From her pocket, she brought out a
small metal figurine, a statue of a god.
"It… it was for Nico.
It was the only statue he didn't
have.
"
"How can you think of Mythomagic at a time like this?" I said.
There were tears in her eyes.
"Throw it down," I said.
"Maybe the giant will leave us alone.
"
She dropped it reluctantly, but nothing happened.
The giant kept coming after Grover.
It stabbed its sword into a junk hill, missing Grover
by a few feet, but scrap metal made an avalanche over him, and then I couldn't see him
anymore.
"No!"
Thalia yelled.
She pointed her spear, and a blue arc of lightning shot out, hitting
the monster in his rusty knee, which buckled.
The giant collapsed, but immediately started to
rise again.
It was hard to tell if it could feel anything.
There weren't any emotions in its halfmelted face, but I got the sense that it was about as ticked off as a twenty-story-tall metal
warrior could be.
He raised his foot to stomp
and I saw that his sole was treaded like the bottom of a
sneaker.
There was a hole in his heel, like a large manhole, and there were red words painted
around it, which I deciphered only after the foot came down:
FOR MAINTENANCE ONLY.
"Crazy-idea time," I said.
Bianca looked at me nervously.
"Anything."
I told her about the maintenance hatch.
"There may be a way to control the thing.
Switches or something.
I'm going to get inside.
"
"How?
You'll have to stand under its foot!
You'll be crushed"
"Distract it," I said.
"I'll just have to time it right.
"
Bianca's jaw tightened.
"No. I'll go.
"
"You can't.
You're new at this!
You'll die.
"

"It's my fault the monster came after us," she said.
"It's my responsibility.
Here."
She
picked up the little god statue and pressed it into my hand.
"If anything happens, give that to
Nico.
Tell him… tell him I'm sorry."
"Bianca, no!"
But she wasn't waiting for me.
She charged at the monster's left foot.
Thalia had its attention for the moment.
She'd learned that the giant was big but slow.
If
you could stay close to it and not get smashed, you could run around it and stay alive.
At
least, it was working so far.
Bianca got right next to the giant's foot, trying to balance herself on the metal scraps
that swayed and shifted with his weight.
Zoe yelled, "What are you doing?
"
"Get it to raise its foot!"
she said.
Zoe shot an arrow toward the monster's face and it flew straight into one nostril.
The
giant straightened and shook its head.
"Hey, Junk Boy!"
I yelled.
"Down here."
I ran up to its big toe and stabbed it with Riptide.
The magic blade cut a gash in the
bronze.
Unfortunately, my plan worked.
Talos looked down at me and raised his foot to squash
me like a bug.
I didn't see what Bianca was doing.
I had to turn and run.
The foot came down
about two inches behind me and I was knocked into the air.
I hit something hard and sat up,
dazed.
I'd been thrown into an Olympus-Air refrigerator.
The monster was about to finish me off, but Grover somehow dug himself out of the
junk pile.
He played his pipes frantically, and his music sent another power line pole
whacking against Talos's thigh.
The monster turned.
Grover should've run, but he must've
been too exhausted from the effort of so much magic.
He took two steps, fell, and didn't get
back up.
"Grover!"
Thalia and I both ran toward him, but I knew we'd be too late.
The monster raised his sword to smash Grover.
Then he froze.
Talos cocked his head to one side, like he was hearing strange new music.
He started
moving his arms and legs in weird ways, doing the Funky Chicken.
Then he made a fist and
punched himself in the face.
"Go, Bianca!"
I yelled.
Zoe looked horrified.
"She is inside?"

The monster staggered around, and I realized we were still in danger.
Thalia and I
grabbed Grover and ran with him toward the highway.
Zoe was already ahead of us.
She
yelled, "How will Bianca get out?"
The giant hit itself in the head again and dropped his sword.
A shudder ran through his
whole body and he staggered toward the power lines.
"Look out!"
I yelled, but it was too late.
The giant's ankle snared the lines, and blue flickers of electricity shot up his body.
I
hoped the inside was insulated.
I had no idea what was going on in there.
The giant careened
back into the junkyard, and his right hand fell off, landing in the scrap metal with a horrible
CLANG!
His left arm came loose, too.
He was falling apart at the joints.
Talos began to run.
"Wait!"
Zoe yelled.
We ran after him, but there was no way we could keep up.
Pieces of
the robot kept falling off, getting in our way.
The giant crumbled from the top down: his head, his chest, and finally, his legs
collapsed.
When we reached the wreckage we searched frantically, yelling Bianca's name.
We
crawled around in the vast hollow pieces and the legs and the head.
We searched until the sun
started to rise, but no luck.
Zoe sat down and wept.
I was stunned to see her cry.
Thalia yelled in rage and impaled her sword in the giant's smashed face.
"We can keep searching," I said.
"It's light now.
We'll find her."
"No we won't," Grover said miserably.
"It happened just as it was supposed to."
"What are you talking about?"
I demanded.
He looked up at me with big watery eyes.
"The prophecy.
One shall he lost in the land
without rain."
Why hadn't I seen it?
Why had I let her go instead of me?
Here we were in the desert.
And Bianca di Angelo was gone.
FOURTEEN
I HAVE A DAM PROBLEM
At the edge of the dump, we found a tow truck so old it might've been thrown away
itself.
But the engine started, and it had a full tank of gas, so we decided to borrow it.
Thalia drove.
She didn't seem as stunned as Zoe or Grover or me.
"The skeletons are still out there," she reminded us.
"We need to keep moving.
"
She navigated us through the desert, under clear blue skies, the sand so bright it hurt to
look at.
Zoe sat up front with Thalia.
Grover and I sat in the pickup bed, leaning against the
tow wench.
The air was cool and dry, but the nice weather just seemed like an insult after
losing Bianca.
My hand closed around the little figurine that had cost her life.
I still couldn't even tell
what god it was supposed to be.
Nico would know.
Oh, gods… what was I going to tell Nico?
I wanted to believe that Bianca was still alive somewhere.
But I had a bad feeling that
she was gone for good.
"It should've been me," I said.
"I should've gone into the giant."
"Don't say that!"
Grover panicked.
"There's a path," Grover said.
"We could get to the river.
"
I tried to see what he was talking about, and finally noticed a tiny ledge winding down
the cliff face.
"That's a goat path," I said.
"So?" he asked.
"The rest of us aren't goats.
"
"We can make it," Grover said.
"I think.
"
I thought about that.
I'd done cliffs before, but I didn't like them.
Then I looked over at
Thalia and saw how pale she'd gotten.
Her problem with heights… she'd never be able to do
it.
"No," I said.
"I, uh, think we should go farther upstream.
"
Grover said, "But—"
"Come on," I said.
"A walk won't hurt us.
"
I glanced at Thalia.
Her eyes said a quick Thank you.
We followed the river about half a mile before coming to an easier slope that led down
to the water.
On the shore was a canoe rental operation that was closed for the season, but I
left a stack of golden drachmas on the counter and a note saying IOU two canoes.
"We need to go upstream," Zoe said.
It was the first time I'd heard her speak since the
junkyard, and I was worried about how bad she sounded, like somebody with the flu.
"The
rapids are too swift.
"
"Leave that to me," I said.
We put the canoes in the water.
Thalia pulled me aside as we were getting the oars.
"Thanks for back there."
"Don't mention it."
"Can you really…" She nodded to the rapids.
"You know."

"I think so.
Usually I'm good with water.
"
"Would you take Zoe?"
she asked.
"I think, ah, maybe you can talk to her."
"She's not going to like that.
"
"Please?
I don't know if I can stand being in the same boat with her.
She's…
she's
starting to worry me.
"
It was about the last thing I wanted to do, but I nodded.
Thalia's shoulders relaxed.
"I owe you one."
"Two."
"One and a half," Thalia said.
She smiled, and for a second, I remembered that I actually liked her when she wasn't
yelling at me.
She turned and helped Grover get their canoe into the water.
As it turned out, I didn't even need to control the currents.
As soon as we got in the
river, I looked over the edge of the boat and found a couple of naiads staring at me.
They looked like regular teenage girls, the kind you'd see in any mall, except for the fact
that they were underwater.
Hey, I said.
They made a bubbling sound that may have been giggling.
I wasn't sure.
I had a hard
time understanding naiads.
We're heading upstream, I told them.
Do you think you could—
Before I could even finish, the naiads each chose a canoe and began pushing us up the
river.
We started so fast
Grover fell into his canoe with his hooves sticking up in the air.
"I hate naiads," Zoe grumbled.
A stream of water squirted up from the back of the boat and hit Zoe in the face.
"She-devils!"
Zoe went for her bow.
"Whoa," I said.
"They're just playing.
"
"Cursed water spirits.
They've never forgiven me.
"
"Forgiven you for what?"

She slung her bow back over her shoulder.
"It was a long time ago.
Never mind.
"
We sped up the river, the cliffs looming up on either side of us.
"What happened to Bianca wasn't your fault," I told her.
"It was my fault.
I let her go.
"
I figured this would give Zoe an excuse to start yelling at me.
At least that might shake
her out of feeling depressed.
Instead, her shoulders slumped.
"No, Percy.
I pushed her into going on the quest.
I was
too anxious.
She was a powerful half-blood.
She had a kind heart, as well.
I… I thought she
would be the next lieutenant.
"
"But you're the lieutenant.
"
She gripped the strap of her quiver.
She looked more tired than I'd ever seen her.
"Nothing can last forever, Percy.
Over two thousand years I have led the Hunt, and my
wisdom has not improved.
Now Artemis herself is in danger."
"Look, you can't blame yourself for that.
"
"If I had insisted on going with her—"
"You think you could've fought something powerful enough to kidnap Artemis?
There's
nothing you could have done.
"
Zoe didn't answer.
The cliffs along the river were getting taller.
Long shadows fell across the water,
making it a lot colder, even though the day was bright.
Without thinking about it, I took Riptide out of my pocket.
Zoe looked at the pen, and
her expression was pained.
"You made this," I said.
"Who told thee?"
"I had a dream about it.
"
She studied me.
I was sure she was going to call me crazy, but she just sighed.
"It was a
gift.
And a mistake."
"Who was the hero?"
I asked.
Zoe shook her head.
"Do not make me say his name.
I swore never to speak it again.
"
"You act like I should know him.
"
"I am sure you do, hero.
Don't all you boys want to be just like him?"

Her voice was so bitter, I decided not to ask what she meant.
I looked down at Riptide,
and for the first time, I wondered if it was cursed.
"Your mother was a water goddess?"
I asked.
"Yes, Pleione.
She had five daughters.
My sisters and I. The Hesperides."
"Those were the girls who lived in a garden at the edge of the West.
With the golden
apple tree and a dragon guarding it."
"Yes," Zoe said wistfully.
"Ladon."
"But weren't there only four sisters'?"
"There are now.
I was exiled.
Forgotten.
Blotted out as if I never existed."
"Why?"
Zoe pointed to my pen.
"Because I betrayed my family and helped a hero.
You won't
find that in the legend either.
He never spoke of me.
After his direct assault on Ladon failed, I
gave him the idea of how to steal the apples, how to trick my father, but he took all the
credit."
"But—"
Gurgle, gurgle, the naiad spoke in my mind.
The canoe was slowing down.
I looked ahead, and I saw why.
This was as far as they could take us.
The river was blocked.
A dam the size of a
football stadium stood in our path.
"Hoover Dam," Thalia said.
"It's huge.
"
We stood at the river's edge, looking up at a curve of concrete that loomed between the
cliffs.
People were walking along the top of the dam.
They were so tiny they looked like fleas.
The naiads had left with a lot of grumbling—not in words I could understand, but it was
obvious they hated this dam blocking up their nice river.
Our canoes floated back
downstream, swirling in the wake from the dam's discharge vents.
"Seven hundred feet tall," I said.
"Built in the 1930s."
"Five million cubic acres of water," Thalia said.
Graver sighed.
"Largest construction project in the United States.
"
Zoe stared at us.
"How do you know all that?"

"Annabeth," I said.
"She liked architecture.
"
"She was nuts about monuments," Thalia said.
"Spouted facts all the time."
Grover sniffled.
"So annoying.
"
"I wish she were here," I said.
The others nodded.
Zoe was still looking at us strangely, but I didn't care.
What is funny?"
"Nothing," Grover said, trying to keep a straight face.
"I could use some dam french
fries.
"
Even Thalia smiled at that.
"And I need to use the dam restroom.
"
Maybe it was the fact that we were so tired and strung out emotionally, but I started
cracking up, and Thalia and Grover joined in, while Zoe just looked at us.
"I do not
understand.
"
"I want to use the dam water fountain," Grover said.
"And…" Thalia tried to catch her breath.
"I want to buy a dam T-shirt.
"
I busted up, and I probably would've kept laughing all day, but then I heard a noise:
"Moooo."
The smile melted off my face.
I wondered if the noise was just in my head, but Grover
had stopped laughing too.
He was looking around, confused.
"Did I just hear a cow?"
"A dam cow?"
Thalia laughed.
"No," Grover said.
"I'm serious.
"
Zoe listened.
"I hear nothing.
"

Thalia was looking at me.
"Percy, are you okay?"
"Yeah," I said.
"You guys go ahead.
I'll be right in.
"
"What's wrong?"
Grover asked.
"Nothing," I said.
"I… I just need a minute.
To think.
"
They hesitated, but I guess I must've looked upset, because they finally went into the
visitor center without me.
As soon as they were gone, I jogged to the north edge of the dam
and looked over.
"Moo."
She was about thirty feet below in the lake, but I could see her clearly: my friend from
Long Island Sound, Bessie the cow serpent.
I looked around.
There were groups of kids running along the dam.
A lot of senior
citizens.
Some families.
But nobody seemed to be paying Bessie any attention yet.
"What are you doing here?"
I asked her.
"Moo!"
Her voice was urgent, like she was trying to warn me of something.
"How did you get here?"
I asked.
We were thousands of miles from Long Island,
hundreds of miles inland.
There was no way she could've swum all the way here.
And yet,
here she was.
Bessie swam in a circle and butted her head against the side of the dam.
"Moo!"
She wanted me to come with her.
She was telling me to hurry.
"I can't," I told her.
"My friends are inside.
"
She looked at me with her sad brown eyes.
Then she gave one more urgent "Mooo!,"
did a flip, and disappeared into the water.
I hesitated.
Something was wrong.
She was trying to tell me that.
I considered jumping
over the side and following her, but then I tensed.
The hairs on my arms bristled.
I looked
down the dam road to the east
and I saw two men walking slowly toward me.
They wore gray
camouflage outfits that flickered over skeletal bodies.
They passed through a group of kids and pushed them aside.
A kid yelled, "Hey!"
One
of the warriors turned, his face changing momentarily into a skull.
"Ah!"
the kid yelled, and his whole group backed away.
I ran for the visitor center.
I was almost to the stairs when I heard tires squeal.
On the west side of the dam, a black
van swerved to a stop in the middle of the road, nearly plowing into some old people.
The van doors opened and more skeleton warriors piled out.
I was surrounded.
I bolted down the stairs and through the museum entrance.
The security guard at the
metal detector yelled, "Hey, kid!"
But I didn't stop.
I ran through the exhibits and ducked behind a tour group.
I looked for my friends, but I
couldn't see them anywhere.
Where was the dam snack bar?
"Stop!"
The metal-detector guy yelled.
There was no place to go but into an elevator with the tour group.
I ducked inside just as
the door closed.
"We'll be going down seven hundred feet," our tour guide said cheerfully.
She was a
park ranger, with long black hair pulled back in a ponytail and tinted glasses.
I guess she
hadn't noticed that I was being chased.
"Don't worry, ladies and gentlemen, the elevator
hardly ever breaks.
"
"Does this go to the snack bar?"
I asked her.
A few people behind me chuckled.
The tour guide looked at me.
Something about her
gaze made my skin tingle.
"To the turbines, young man," the lady said.
"Weren't you listening to my fascinating
presentation upstairs?"
"Oh, uh, sure.
Is there another way out of the dam?"
"It's a dead end," a tourist behind me said.
"For heaven's sake.
The only way out is the
other elevator.
"
The doors opened.
"Go right ahead, folks," the tour guide told us.
"Another ranger is waiting for you at the
end of the corridor.
"
I didn't have much choice but to go out with the group.
"And young man," the tour guide called.
I looked back.
She'd taken off her glasses.
Her
eyes were startlingly gray, like storm clouds.
"There is always a way out for those clever
enough to find it.
"
The doors closed with the tour guide still inside, leaving me alone.
Before I could think too much about the woman in the elevator, a ding came from
around the corner.
The second elevator was opening, and I heard an unmistakable sound—the
clattering of skeleton teeth.
I ran after the tour group, through a tunnel carved out of solid rock.
It seemed to run
forever.
The walls were moist, and the air hummed with electricity and the roar of water.
I
came out on a U-shaped balcony that overlooked this huge warehouse area.
Fifty feet below,
enormous turbines were running.
It was a big room, but I didn't see any other exit, unless I
wanted to jump into the turbines and get churned up to make electricity.
I didn't.
Another tour guide was talking over the microphone, telling the tourists about water
supplies in Nevada.
I prayed that Thalia, Zoe, and Grover were okay.
They might already be
captured, or eating at the snack bar, completely unaware that we were being surrounded.
And
stupid me: I had trapped myself in a hole hundreds of feet below the surface.
I worked my way around the crowd, trying not to be too obvious about it.
There was a
hallway at the other side of the balcony—maybe some place I could hide.
I kept my hand on
Riptide, ready to strike.
By the time I got to the opposite side of the balcony, my nerves were shot.
I backed into
the little hallway and watched the tunnel I'd come from.
Then right behind me I heard a sharp Chhh!
like the voice of a skeleton.
Without thinking, I uncapped Riptide and spun, slashing with my sword.
The girl I'd just tried to slice in half yelped and dropped her Kleenex.
"Oh my god.'" she shouted.
"Do you always kill people when they blow their nose?
"
The first thing that went through my head was that the sword hadn't hurt her.
It had
passed clean through her body, harmlessly.
"You're mortal!"
She looked at me in disbelief.
"What's that supposed to mean?
Of course I'm mortal!
How did you get that sword past security?"
"I didn't—Wait, you can see it's a sword?
"
The girl rolled her eyes, which were green like mine.
She had frizzy reddish-brown hair.
Her nose was also red, like she had a cold.
She wore a big maroon Harvard sweatshirt and
jeans that were covered with marker stains and little holes, like she spent her free time poking
them with a fork.
"Well, it's either a sword or the biggest toothpick in the world," she said.
"And why
didn't it hurt me?
I mean, not that I'm complaining.
Who are you?
And whoa, what is that
you're wearing?
Is that made of lion fur?"
She asked so many questions so fast, it was like she was throwing rocks at me.
I
couldn't think of what to say.
I looked at my sleeves to see if the Nemean Lion pelt had
somehow changed back to fur, but it still looked like a brown winter coat to me.
I knew the skeleton warriors were still chasing me.
I had no time to waste.
But I just
stared at the redheaded girl.
Then I remembered what Thalia had done at Westover Hall to
fool the teachers.
Maybe I could manipulate the Mist.
I concentrated hard and snapped my fingers.
"You don't see a sword," I told the girl.
"It's just a ballpoint pen."
She blinked.
"Um… no.
It's a sword, weirdo.
"
"Who are you?"
I demanded.
She huffed indignantly.
"Rachel Elizabeth Dare.
Now, are you going to answer my
questions or should I scream for security?"
"No!"
I said.
"I mean, I'm kind of in a hurry.
I'm in trouble.
"
"In a hurry or in trouble?"
"Um, sort of both."
She looked over my shoulder and her eyes widened.
"Bathroom!"
"What?"
"Bathroom! Behind me!
Now!"
I don't know why, but I listened to her.
I slipped inside the boys' bathroom and left
Rachel Elizabeth Dare standing outside.
Later, that seemed cowardly to me.
I'm also pretty
sure it saved my life.
I heard the clattering, hissing sounds of skeletons as they came closer.
My grip tightened on Riptide.
What was I thinking?
I'd left a mortal girl out there to die.
I was preparing to burst out and fight when Rachel Elizabeth Dare started talking in that
rapid-fire machine gun way of hers.
"Oh my god!
Did you see that kid?
It's about time you got here.
He tried to kill me!
He
had a sword, for god's sake.
You security guys let a sword-swinging lunatic inside a national
landmark?
I mean, jeez!
He ran that way toward those turbine thingies.
I think he went over
the side or something.
Maybe he fell.
"
The skeletons clattered excitedly.
I heard them moving off.
Rachel opened the door.
"All clear.
But you'd better hurry.
"
She looked shaken.
Her face was gray and sweaty.
I peeked around the corner.
Three skeleton warriors were running toward the other end
of the balcony.
The way to the elevator was clear for a few seconds.
"I owe you one, Rachel Elizabeth Dare."
"What are those things?"
she asked.
"They looked like—"

"Skeletons?"
She nodded uneasily.
"Do yourself a favor," I said.
"Forget it.
Forget you ever saw me."
"Forget you tried to kill me?"
"Yeah.
That, too."
"But who are you?"
"Percy—" I started to say.
Then the skeletons turned around.
"Gotta go!"
"What kind of name is Percy Gotta-go?"
I bolted for the exit.
The cafe was packed with kids enjoying the best part of the tour—the dam lunch.
Thalia, Zoe, and Grover were just sitting down with their food.
We need to leave," I gasped.
"Now!"
But we just got our burritos!"
Thalia said.
Zoe
stood up, muttering an Ancient Greek curse.
"He's right!
Look.
"
The cafe windows wrapped all the way around the observation floor, which gave us a
beautiful panoramic view of the skeletal army that had come to kill us.
I counted two on the east side of the dam road, blocking the way to Arizona.
Three
more on the west side, guarding Nevada.
All of them were armed with batons and pistols.
But our immediate problem was a lot closer.
The three skeletal warriors who'd been
chasing me in the turbine room now appeared on the stairs.
They saw me from across the
cafeteria and clattered their teeth.
"Elevator!"
Grover said.
We bolted that direction, but the doors opened with a pleasant
ding, and three more warriors stepped out.
Every warrior was accounted for, minus the one
Bianca had blasted to flames in New Mexico.
We were completely surrounded.
Then Grover had a brilliant, totally Grover-like idea.
"Burrito fight!"
he yelled, and flung his Guacamole Grande at the nearest skeleton.
Now, if you have never been hit by a flying burrito, count yourself lucky.
In terms of
deadly projectiles, it's right up there with grenades and cannonballs.
Grover's lunch hit the
skeleton and knocked his skull clean off his shoulders.
I'm not sure what the other kids in the
cafe saw, but they went crazy and started throwing their burritos and baskets of chips and
sodas at each other, shrieking and screaming.
The skeletons tried to aim their guns, but it was hopeless.
Bodies and food and drinks
were flying everywhere.
In the chaos, Thalia and I tackled the other two skeletons on the stairs and sent them
flying into the condiment table.
Then we all raced downstairs, Guacamole Grandes whizzing
past our heads.
"What now?"
Grover asked as we burst outside.
I didn't have an answer.
The warriors on the road were closing in from either direction.
We ran across the street to the pavilion with the winged bronze statues, but that just put our
backs to the mountain.
The skeletons moved forward, forming a crescent around us.
Their brethren from the
cafe were running up to join them.
One was still putting its skull back on its shoulders.
Another was covered in ketchup and mustard.
Two more had burritos lodged in their rib
cages.
They didn't look happy about it.
They drew batons and advanced.
"Four against eleven," Zoe muttered.
"And they cannot die.
"
"It's been nice adventuring with you guys," Grover said, his voice trembling.
Something shiny caught the corner of my eye.
I glanced behind me at the statue's feet.
"Whoa," I said.
"Their toes really are bright."
"Percy!"
Thalia said.
"This isn't the time."
But I couldn't help staring at the two giant bronze guys with tall bladed wings like letter
openers.
They were weathered brown except for their toes, which shone like new pennies
from all the times people had rubbed them for good luck.
Good luck.
And the next thing I knew, one of them grabbed Thalia and me, the other grabbed Zoe
and Grover, and we flew straight up, over the dam and the river, the skeleton warriors
shrinking to tiny specks below us and the sound of gunfire echoing off the sides of the
mountains.
FIFTEEN
I WRESTLE SANTA'S EVIL TWIN

"Tell me when it's over," Thalia said.
Her eyes were shut tight.
The statue was holding
on to us so we couldn't fall, but still Thalia clutched his arm like it was the most important
thing in the world.
"Everything's fine," I promised.
"Are… are we very high?"
I looked down.
Below us, a range of snowy mountains zipped by.
I stretched out my
foot and kicked snow off one of the peaks.
"Nah," I said.
"Not that high.
"
"We are in the Sierras.'"
Zoe yelled.
She and Grover were hanging from the arms of the
other statue.
"I have hunted here before.
At this speed, we should be in San Francisco in a few
hours."
"Hey, hey, Frisco!"
our angel said.
"Yo, Chuck!
We could visit those guys at the
Mechanics Monument again!
They know how to party!"
"Oh, man," the other angel said.
"I am so there!"
"You guys have visited San Francisco?"
I asked.
"We automatons gotta have some fun once in a while, right?" our statue said.
"Those
mechanics took us over to the de Young Museum and introduced us to these marble lady
statues, see.
And—"
"Hank!"
the other statue Chuck cut in.
"They're kids, man."
"Oh, right."
If bronze statues could blush, I swear Hank did.
"Back to flying.
"
We sped up, so I could tell the angels were excited.
The mountains fell away into hills,
and then we were zipping along over farmland and towns and highways.
Grover played his pipes to pass the time.
Zoe got bored and started shooting arrows at
random billboards as we flew by.
Every time she saw a Target department store—and we
passed dozens of them—she would peg the store's sign with a few bulls-eyes at a hundred
miles an hour.
Thalia kept her eyes closed the whole way.
She muttered to herself a lot, like she was
praying.
"You did good back there," I told her.
"Nereus," Grover said.
I looked at him.
"What?"
"Isn't that what Apollo told you to do?
Find Nereus?
"
I nodded.
I'd completely forgotten my last conversation with the sun god.
The old man of the sea," I remembered.
"I'm supposed to find him and force him to tell
us what he knows.
But how do I find him?"
Zoe made a face.
"Old Nereus, eh?"
"You know him?"
Thalia asked.
My mother was a sea goddess.
Yes, I know him.
Unfortunately, he is never very hard to
find.
Just follow the smell."
"What do you mean?"
I asked.
"Come," she said without enthusiasm.
"I will show thee.
"

I knew I was in trouble when we stopped at the Goodwill drop box.
Five minutes later,
Zoe had me outfitted in a ragged flannel shirt and jeans three sizes too big, bright red
sneakers, and a floppy rainbow hat.
"Oh, yeah," Grover said, trying not to bust out laughing, "you look completely
inconspicuous now."
Zoe nodded with satisfaction.
"A typical male vagrant.
"
"Thanks a lot," I grumbled.
"Why am I doing this again?"
"I told thee.
To blend in.
"

She led the way back down to the waterfront.
After a long time spent searching the
docks, Zoe finally stopped in her tracks.
She pointed down a pier where a bunch of homeless
guys were huddled together in blankets, waiting for the soup kitchen to open for lunch.
"He will be down there somewhere," Zoe said.
"He never travels very far from the
water.
He likes to sun himself during the day."
"How do I know which one is him?"
"Sneak up," she said.
"Act homeless.
You will know him.
He will smell… different."
"Great."
I didn't want to ask for particulars.
"And once I find him?"
"Grab him," she said.
"And hold on.
He will try anything to get rid of thee.
Whatever he
does, do not let go.
Force him to tell thee about the monster."
"We've got your back," Thalia said.
She picked something off the back of my shirt—a
big clump of fuzz that came from who-knows-where.
"Eww.
On second thought… I don't
want your back.
But we'll be rooting for you.
"
Grover gave me a big thumbs-up.
I grumbled how nice it was to have super-powerful friends.
Then I headed toward the
dock.
I pulled my hat down and stumbled like I was about to pass out, which wasn't hard
considering how tired I was.
I passed our homeless friend from the Embarcadero, who was
still trying to warn the other guys about the metal angels from Mars.
He didn't smell good, but he didn't smell… different.
I kept walking.
A couple of grimy dudes with plastic grocery bags for hats checked me out as I came
close.
"Beat it, kid!"
one of them muttered.
I moved away.
They smelled pretty bad, but just regular old bad.
Nothing unusual.
There was a lady with a bunch of plastic flamingos sticking out of a shopping cart.
She
glared at me like I was going to steal her birds.
At the end of the pier, a guy who looked about a million years old was passed out in a
patch of sunlight.
He wore pajamas and a fuzzy bathrobe that probably used to be white.
He
was fat, with a white beard that had turned yellow, kind of like Santa Claus, if Santa had been
rolled out of bed and dragged through a landfill.
And his smell?
As I got closer, I froze.
He smelled bad, all right—but ocean bad.
Like hot seaweed and
dead fish and brine.
If the ocean had an ugly side… this guy was it.
I tried not to gag as I sat down near him like I was tired.
Santa opened one eye
suspiciously.
I could feel him staring at me, but I didn't look.
I muttered something about
stupid school and stupid parents, figuring that might sound reasonable.
Santa Claus went back to sleep.
I tensed.
I knew this was going to look strange.
I didn't know how the other homeless
people would react.
But I jumped Santa Claus.
"Ahhhhhl" he screamed.
I meant to grab him, but he seemed to grab me instead.
It was
as if he'd never been asleep at all.
He certainly didn't act like a weak old man.
He had a grip
like steel.
"Help me!"
he screamed as he squeezed me to death.
"That's a crime!"
one of the other homeless guys yelled.
"Kid rolling an old man like
that!"
I rolled, all right—straight down the pier until my head slammed into a post.
I was
dazed for a second, and Nereus's grip slackened.
He was making a break for it.
Before he
could, I regained my senses and tackled him from behind.
"I don't have any money!"
He tried to get up and run, but I locked my arms around his
chest.
His rotten fish smell was awful, but I held on.
"I don't want money," I said as he fought.
"I'm a half-blood!
I want information.'
"
That just made him struggle harder.
"Heroes!
Why do you always pick on me?"
"Because you know everything!"
He growled and tried to shake me off his back.
It was like holding on to a roller coaster.
He thrashed around, making it impossible for me to keep on my feet, but I gritted my teeth
and squeezed tighter.
We staggered toward the edge of the pier and I got an idea.
"Oh, no!"
I said.
"Not the water!"
The plan worked.
Immediately, Nereus yelled in triumph and jumped off the edge.
Together, we plunged into San Francisco Bay.
He must've been surprised when I tightened my grip, the ocean filling me with extra
strength.
But Nereus had a few tricks left, too.
He changed shape until I was holding a sleek
black seal.
I've heard people make jokes about trying to hold a greased pig, but I'm telling you,
holding on to a seal in the water is harder.
Nereus plunged straight down, wriggling and
thrashing and spiraling through the dark water.
"I don't think he likes the S-word," Grover said.
I patted Bessie on the head, trying to calm him down.
He let me scratch his ear, but he
was trembling.
"How could anyone hurt him?"
I said.
"He's harmless.
"
Zoe nodded.
"But there is power in killing innocence.
Terrible power.
The Fates ordained a prophecy eons ago, when this creature was born.
They said that whoever killed the Ophiotaurus and sacrificed its entrails to fire would have the
power to destroy the gods."
"MMMMMM!"
"Um," Grover said.
"Maybe we could avoid talking about entrails, too.
"
Thalia stared at the cow serpent with wonder.
"The power to destroy the gods… how?
I
mean, what would happen?
"
"No one knows," Zoe said.
Grover said.
"At least let them know what's going
on!"
Then I noticed the crystals making rainbows in the sunlight.
There was a drinking
fountain next to me…
"Get word to camp," I muttered.
"Good idea.
"
I uncapped Riptide and slashed off the top of the water fountain.
Water burst out of the
busted pipe and sprayed all over us.
Thalia gasped as the water hit her.
The fog seemed to clear from her eyes.
"Are you
crazy?"
she asked.
But Grover understood.
He was already fishing around in his pockets for a coin.
He
threw a golden drachma into the rainbows created by the mist and yelled, "O goddess, accept
my offering!"
The mist rippled.
"Camp Half-Blood!"
I said.
And there, shimmering in the Mist right next to us, was the last person I wanted to see:
Mr. D, wearing his leopard-skin jogging suit and rummaging through the refrigerator.
He looked up lazily.
"Do you mind?"
"Where's Chiron!"
I shouted.
"How rude."
Mr. D took a swig from a jug of grape juice.
"Is that how you say hello?"
"Hello," I amended.
"We're about to die!
Where's Chiron?"
Mr. D considered that.
I wanted to scream at him to hurry up, but I knew that wouldn't
work.
Behind us, footsteps and shouting—the manticore's troops were closing in.
"About to die," Mr. D mused.
"How exciting.
I'm afraid Chiron isn't here.
Would you
like me to take a message?"
I looked at my friends.
"We're dead.
"
Thalia gripped her spear.
She looked like her old angry self again.
"Then we'll die
fighting.
"
"How noble," Mr. D said, stifling a yawn.
"So what is the problem, exactly?"
I didn't see that it would make any difference, but I told him about the Ophiotaurus.
"Mmm."
He studied the contents of the fridge.
"So that's it.
I see.
"
"You don't even care!"
I screamed.
"You'd just as soon watch us die!"
"Let's see.
I think I'm in the mood for pizza tonight.
"
I wanted to slash through the rainbow and disconnect, but I didn't have time.
The
manticore screamed, "There!"
And we were surrounded.
Two of the guards stood behind him.
The other two appeared on the roofs of the pier shops above us.
The manticore threw off his
coat and transformed into his true self, his lion claws extended and his spiky tail bristling with
poison barbs.
"Excellent," he said.
He glanced at the apparition in the mist and snorted.
"Alone,
without any real help.
Wonderful.
"
"You could ask for help," Mr. D murmured to me, as if this were an amusing thought.
"You could say please."
When wild boars fly, I thought.
There was no way I was going to die begging a slob like
Mr. D, just so he could laugh as we all got gunned down.
Zoe readied her arrows.
Grover lifted his pipes.
Thalia raised her shield, and I noticed a
tear running down her cheek.
Suddenly it occurred to me: this had happened to her before.
She had been cornered on Half-Blood Hill.
She'd willingly given her life for her friends.
But
this time, she couldn't save us.
How could I let that happen to her?
"Please, Mr. D," I muttered.
"Help."
Of course, nothing happened.
The manticore grinned.
"Mr. D," Grover said in amazement.
"You… you saved us.
"Mmm.
Don't make me regret it, satyr.
Now get going, Percy Jackson.
I've bought you a
few hours at most."
"The Ophiotaurus," I said.
"Can you get it to camp?
"
Mr. D sniffed.
"I do not transport livestock.
That's your problem."
"But where do we go?"
Dionysus looked at Zoe.
"Oh, I think the huntress knows.
You must enter at sunset
today, you know, or all is lost.
Now good-bye.
My pizza is waiting.
"
"Mr. D," I said.
He raised his eyebrow.
"You called me by my right name," I said.
"You called me Percy Jackson.
"

"I most certainly did not, Peter Johnson.
Now off with you!"
He waved his hand, and his image disappeared in the mist.
All around us, the manticore's minions were still acting completely nuts.
One of them
had found our friend the homeless guy, and they were having a serious conversation about
metal angels from Mars.
Several other guards were harassing the tourists, making animal
noises and trying to steal their shoes.
I looked at Zoe.
"What did he mean… 'You know where to go'?"
Her face was the color of the fog.
She pointed across the bay, past the Golden Gate.
In
the distance, a single mountain rose up above the cloud layer.
"The garden of my sisters," she said.
"I must go home."

SIXTEEN
WE MEET THE DRAGON OF ETERNAL BAD BREATH

"We will never make it," Zoe said.
"We are moving too slow.
But we cannot leave the
Ophiotaurus."
"Mooo," Bessie said.
He swam next to me as we jogged along the waterfront.
We'd left
the shopping center pier far behind.
We were heading toward the Golden Gate Bridge, but it
was a lot farther than I'd realized.
The sun was already dipping in the west.
"I don't get it," I said.
"Why do we have to get there at sunset?
"
"The Hesperides are the nymphs of the sunset," Zoe said.
"We can only enter their
garden as day changes to night.
"
"What happens if we miss it?"
"Tomorrow is winter solstice.
If we miss sunset tonight, we would have to wait until
tomorrow evening.
And by then, the Olympian Council will be over.
We must free Lady
Artemis tonight.
"
"So maybe we could coax him back to Long Island Sound," Grover said.
"Then Chiron
could help us get him to Olympus."
"But he was following me" I said.
"If I'm not there, would he know where he's going?"
"Moo," Bessie said forlornly.
"I… I can show him," Grover said.
"I'll go with him.
"
I stared at him.
Grover was no fan of the water.
He'd almost drowned last summer in the
Sea of Monsters, and he couldn't swim very well with his goat hooves.
"I'm the only one who can talk to him," Grover said.
"It makes sense.
"

He bent down and said something in Bessie's ear.
Bessie shivered, then made a
contented, lowing sound.
"The blessing of the Wild," Grover said.
"That should help with safe passage.
Percy,
pray to your dad, too.
See if he will grant us safe passage through the seas.
"
I didn't understand how they could possibly swim back to Long Island from California.
Then again, monsters didn't travel the same way as humans.
I'd seen plenty evidence of that.
I tried to concentrate on the waves, the smell of the ocean, the sound of the tide.
"Dad," I said.
"Help us.
Get the Ophiotaurus and Grover safely to camp.
Protect them at
sea."
"A prayer like that needs a sacrifice," Thalia said.
"Something big.
"
I thought for a second.
Then I took off my coat.
"Percy," Grover said.
"Are you sure?
That lion skin… that's really helpful.
Hercules
used it!"
As soon as he said that, I realized something.
I glanced at Zoe, who was watching me carefully.
I realized I did know who Zoe's hero
had been—the one who'd ruined her life, gotten her kicked out of her family, and never even
mentioned how she'd helped him: Hercules, a hero I'd admired all my life.
"If I'm going to survive," I said, "it won't be because I've got a lion-skin cloak.
I'm not
Hercules.
"
I threw the coat into the bay.
It turned back into a golden lion skin, flashing in the light.
Then, as it began to sink beneath the waves, it seemed to dissolve into sunlight on the water.
The sea breeze picked up.
Grover took a deep breath.
"Well, no time to lose.
"
He jumped in the water and immediately began to sink.
Bessie glided next to him and
let Grover take hold of his neck.
"Be careful," I told them.
"We will," Grover said.
"Okay, um… Bessie?
We're going to Long Island.
It's east.
Over that way."
"Moooo?"
Bessie said.
"Yes," Grover answered.
"Long Island.
It's this island.
And… it's long.
Oh, let's just
start.
"

"Mooo!"
Bessie lurched forward.
He started to submerge and Grover said, "I can't breathe
underwater!
Just thought I'd mention—" Glub!
Under they went, and I hoped my father's protection would extend to little things, like
breathing.
"Well, that is one problem addressed," Zoe said.
"But how can we get to my sisters'
garden?"
"Thalia's right," I said.
"We need a car.
But there's nobody to help us here.
Unless we,
uh, borrowed one.
"
I didn't like that option.
I mean, sure this was a life-or-death situation, but still, it was
stealing, and it was bound to get us noticed.
"Wait," Thalia said.
She started rifling through her backpack.
"There is somebody in
San Francisco who can help us.
I've got the address here somewhere.
"
"Who?" I asked.
Thalia pulled out a crumpled piece of notebook paper and held it up.
"Professor Chase.
Grover's voice said inside my head.
Don't give up.
I concentrated on breathing.
If I could just keep the sky aloft a few more seconds.
I
thought about Bianca, who had given her life so we could get here.
If she could do that, I
could hold the sky.
My vision turned fuzzy.
Everything was tinged with red.
I caught glimpses of the battle,
but I wasn't sure if I was seeing clearly.
There was Atlas in full battle armor, jabbing with his
javelin, laughing insanely as he fought.
And Artemis, a blur of silver.
She had two wicked
hunting knives, each as long as her arm, and she slashed wildly at the Titan, dodging and
leaping with unbelievable grace.
She seemed to change form as she maneuvered.
She was a
tiger, a gazelle, a bear, a falcon.
Or perhaps that was just my fevered brain.
Zoe shot arrows at
her father, aiming for the chinks in his armor.
He roared in pain each time one found its mark,
but they affected him like bee stings.
He just got madder and kept fighting.
Every clop of Grover's hooves echoed on
the marble floor.
Bessie splashed in his bubble of water.
The hearth fire crackled.
Then she even hugged Grover,
who looked ready to pass out, like somebody had just given him an all-you-can-eat enchilada
coupon.
Then Thalia went to stand by Artemis's side.
"Now for the Ophiotaurus," Artemis said.
"This boy is still dangerous," Dionysus warned.
"The beast is a temptation to great
power.
Even if we spare the boy—"
"No."
I looked around at all the gods.
"Please.
Keep the Ophiotaurus safe.
My dad can
hide him under the sea somewhere, or keep him in an aquarium here in Olympus.
But you
have to protect him.
"
"And why should we trust you?" rumbled Hephaestus.
"I'm only fourteen," I said.
"If this prophecy is about me, that's two more years.
"
"Two years for Kronos to deceive you," Athena said.
"Much can change in two years,
my young hero."
"Mother!"
Annabeth and Grover helped me search the woods for hours, but there was no sign of
Nico di Angelo.
She and Grover both stared at me.
"Um," Grover said nervously, "what do you mean… no?
I was still trying to figure out why I'd said that, but the words spilled out of me.
"We
can't let anyone know.
And, Percy—"
Whatever she was going to say was interrupted by Grover, who stumbled out of the Big
House, tripping over tin cans.
His face was haggard and pale, like he'd seen a specter.
"He spoke.'"
Grover cried.
"Calm down, my young satyr," Chiron said, frowning.
"What is the matter?"
"I… I was playing music in the parlor," he stammered, "and drinking coffee.
Lots and
lots of coffee!
And he spoke in my mind!"
"Who?"
Annabeth demanded.
"Pan!"
Grover wailed.
"The Lord of the Wild himself.
I heard him!
I have to… I have to
find a suitcase."
"Whoa, whoa, whoa," I said.
"What did he say?"
Grover stared at me.
"Just three words.
He said, 'I await you...'"
“What about Grover?”
“He’s at camp,” she said.
“We’ll see him today.”
“Did he have any luck?
I mean, with the search for Pan?”
Annabeth fingered her bead necklace, the way she does when she’s
worried.
“You’ll see,” she said.
But she didn’t explain.
the council member on the right shouted, cutting
off whatever Grover was trying to say.
“Do you seriously expect us to
believe this?”
“B-but Silenus,” Grover stammered.
“It’s the truth!”
The Council guy, Silenus, turned to his colleagues and muttered
something.
Chiron cantered up to the front and stood next to them.
I
remembered he was an honorary member of the council, but I’d never
thought about it much.
The elders didn’t look very impressive.
They
reminded me of the goats in a petting zoo—huge bellies, sleepy expressions,
and glazed eyes that couldn’t see past the next handful of goat chow.
I
wasn’t sure why Grover seemed so nervous.
Silenus tugged his yellow polo shirt over his belly and adjusted himself
on his rosebush throne.
“Master Underwood, for six months—six months—
we have been hearing these scandalous claims that you heard the wild god
Pan speak.”
“But I did!”
“Impudence!” said the elder on the left.
“Now, Maron,” Chiron said.
“Patience.”
“Patience, indeed!”
Maron said.
“I’ve had it up to my horns with this
nonsense.
She
kept looking over at the forest, like she was thinking about Grover’s problem
with the council.
I couldn’t blame her.
Grover was nowhere to be seen, and I
felt really bad for him.
Finding the lost god Pan had been his lifelong goal.
His father and his uncle had both disappeared following the same dream.
Last winter, Grover had heard a voice in his head: I await you—a voice he
was sure belonged to Pan—but apparently his search had led nowhere.
If the
council took away his searcher’s license now, it would crush him.
“What’s this ‘other way’?”
“Why would you be scared of Grover?”
“Hooves and horns,” Tyson muttered nervously.
“And goat fur makes my
nose itchy.”
And that pretty much ended our Grover conversation.
***
Before dinner, Tyson and I went down to the sword arena.
Quintus was
glad to have company.
He still wouldn’t tell me what was in the wooden
crates, but he did teach me a few sword moves.
The guy was good.
He
fought the way some people play chess—like he was putting all the moves
together and you couldn’t see the pattern until he made the last stroke and
won with a sword at your throat.
“Good try,” he told me.
“But your guard is too low.”
He lunged and I blocked.
“Have you always been a swordsman?”
I asked.
He parried my overhead cut.
“I’ve been many things.”
He jabbed and I sidestepped.
His shoulder strap slipped down, and I saw
that mark on his neck—the purple blotch.
But it wasn’t a random mark.
It
had a definite shape—a bird with folded wings, like a quail or something.
“What’s that on your neck?”
I asked, which was probably a rude question,
but you can blame my ADHD.
I tend to just blurt things out.
Quintus lost his rhythm.
I hit his sword hilt and knocked the blade out of
his hand.
He rubbed his fingers.
Then he shifted his armor to hide the mark.
It
wasn’t a tattoo, I realized.
It was an old burn…like he’d been branded.
“A reminder.”
He picked up his sword and forced a smile.
“Now, shall we
go again?”
He pressed me hard, not giving me time for any more questions.
While he and I fought, Tyson played with Mrs. O’Leary, who he called
the “little doggie.”
They had a great time wrestling for the bronze shield and
playing Get the Greek.
By sunset, Quintus hadn’t even broken a sweat,
which seemed kind of strange; but Tyson and I were hot and stick, so we hit
the showers and got ready for dinner.
I was feeling good.
It was almost like a normal day at camp.
Then dinner
came, and all the campers lined up by cabin and marched into the dining
pavilion.
Most of them ignored the sealed fissure in the marble floor at the
entrance—a ten-foot-long jagged scar that hadn’t been there last summer—
but I was careful to step over it.
“Big crack,” Tyson said when we were at our table.
“Earthquake,
maybe?”
“No,” I said.
“Not an earthquake.”
I wasn’t sure I should tell him.
It was a secret only Annabeth and Grover
and I knew.
But looking in Tyson’s big eye, I knew I couldn’t hide it from
him.
“Nico di Angelo,” I said, lowering my voice.
“He’s this half-blood kid we
brought to camp last winter.
He, uh…he asked me to guard his sister on a
quest, and I failed.
She died.
Now he blames me.”
Tyson frowned.
“So he put a crack in the floor?”
“These skeletons attacked us,” I said.
“Nico told them to go away, and the
ground just opened up and swallowed them.
Nico…” I looked around to
make sure no one was listening.
“Nico is a son of Hades.”
Tyson nodded thoughtfully.
“The god of dead people.”
“Yeah.”
“So the Nico boy is gone now?”
“I—I guess.
I tried to search for him this spring.
Then I whispered, “Help me with Nico, and Luke, and
Grover’s problem…”

There was so much to worry about I could’ve stood there all morning, but
I headed back to the table.
Once everyone was eating, Chiron and Grover came over to visit.
Grover
was bleary-eyed.
His shirt was inside out.
He slid his plate onto the table and
slumped next to me.
Tyson shifted uncomfortably.
“I will go…um…polish my fish ponies.”
He lumbered off, leaving his breakfast half-eaten.
Chiron tried for a smile.
He probably wanted to look reassuring, but in
centaur form he towered over me, casting a shadow across the table.
“Well,
Percy, how did you sleep?”
“Uh, fine.”
I wondered why he asked that.
Was it possible he knew
something about the weird Iris-message I’d gotten?
“I brought Grover over,” Chiron said, “because I thought you two might
want to, ah, discuss matters.
Now if you’ll excuse me, I have some Irismessages to send.
I’ll see you later in the day.”
He gave Grover a
meaningful look, then trotted out of the pavilion.”
“What’s he talking about?”
I asked Grover.
Grover chewed his eggs.
I could tell he was distracted, because he bit the
tines of his fork and chewed those down, too.
“He wants you to convince
me,” he mumbled.
Somebody else slid next to me on the bench: Annabeth.
“I’ll tell you what it’s about,” she said.
“The Labyrinth.”
It was hard to concentrate on what she was saying, because everybody in
the dining pavilion was stealing glances at us and whispering.
Grover said.
“And the other guy—”
“He was driven insane.
He didn’t die.”
“Oh, joy.”
Grover’s lower lip quivered.
“That makes me feel much
better.”
“Whoa,” I said.
“Back up.
What’s this about Clarisse and a crazy guy?”
Annabeth glanced over toward the Ares table.
I don’t understand
exactly what Luke’s planning, but I do know this: the Labyrinth might be the
key to Grover’s problem.”
I blinked.
“You think Pan is underground?”
“It would explain why he’s been impossible to find.”
Grover shuddered.
“Satyrs hate going underground.
No searcher would
ever try going in that place.
No flowers.
No sunshine.
No coffee shops!”
Even Tyson…Grover tried to hide it, but Grover and I could sort of read
each other’s emotions because of this empathy link between us.
I knew how
he felt.
Grover was terrified of the big guy.
“I have to leave,” Grover said miserably.
“Juniper’s waiting for me.
It’s a
good thing she finds cowards attractive.”
After he was gone, I looked over at Quintus.
He nodded gravely, like we
were sharing some dark secret.
Then he went back to cutting his sausage
with a dagger.
***
In the afternoon, I went down to the Pegasus stables to visit my friend
Blackjack.
Yo, boss!
He capered around in his stall, his black wings buffeting the air.
Ya bring me some sugar cubes?
“You know those aren’t good for you, Blackjack.”
Yeah, so you brought me some, huh?
I smiled and fed him a handful.
Blackjack and I went back a long way.
Tyson and Grover both looked at me pleadingly.
I tried to give them an
encouraging nod, and gestured that they should move together.
Tyson
sneezed.
Grover started chewing nervously on his wooden club.
Tyson and Grover sat
as far away from each other as possible.
Also present around the table:
Juniper the tree nymph, Silena Beauregard, Travis and Connor Stoll,
Beckendorf, Lee Fletcher, even Argus, our hundred-eyed security chief.
That’s how I knew it was serious.
Argus hardly ever shows up unless
something really major is going on.
The whole time Annabeth spoke, he
kept his hundred blue eyes trained on her so hard his whole body turned
bloodshot.
“She has good taste,” Grover said.
Grover said.
Or Tyson or Grover.”
“Hey, we’re your friends.
We wouldn’t miss it.”
“But…” She stopped herself.
“What is it?”
I asked.
“The prophecy?”
“I’m sure it’s fine,” she said in a small voice.
“What was the last line?”
Then she did something that really surprised me.
She blinked back tears
and put out her arms.
I stepped forward and hugged her.
Butterflies started turning my stomach
into a mosh pit.
“Hey, it’s…it’s okay.”
I patted her back.
I was aware of everything in the room.
I felt like I could read the tiniest
print on any book on the shelves.
Annabeth’s hair smelled like lemon soap.
She was shivering.
“Chiron might be right,” she muttered.
“I’m breaking the rules.
But I
don’t know what else to do.
I need you three.
It just feels right.”
“Then don’t worry about it,” I managed.
“We’ve had plenty of problems
before, and we solved them.”
“This is different.
I don’t want anything happening to…any of you.”
Behind me, somebody cleared his throat.
Juniper had been crying
again, but she was trying to keep it together for Grover’s sake.
She kept
fussing with his clothes, straightening his rasta cap and brushing goat fur off
his shirt.
Since we had no idea what we would encounter, he was dressed as
a human, with the cap to hide his horns, and jeans, fake feet, and sneakers to
hide his goat legs.
Chiron, Quintus, and Mrs. O’Leary stood with the other campers who’d
come to wish us well, but there was too much activity for it to feel like a
happy send-off.
A couple of tents had been set up by the rocks for guard
duty.
Beckendorf and his siblings were working on a line of defensive spikes
and trenches.
Chiron had decided we needed to guard the Labyrinth exit at
all times, just in case.
“Well,” Grover said nervously, “good-bye sunshine.”
“Hello rocks,” Tyson agreed.
And together, the four of us descended into darkness.
SIX
WE MEET THE GOD WITH
TWO FACES
We made it a hundred feet before we were hopelessly lost.
Grover’s hyperventilating was the loudest noise in the maze.
“I can’t
stand it anymore,” he whispered.
“The milkman doesn’t bother me,” Grover said.
“It’s the smell.
Monsters.
Can’t you smell it?”
Tyson nodded.
“Lots of monsters.
But underground smells like that.
Monsters and dead milk people.”
“Oh, good,” Grover whimpered.
“Yes, ma’am,” Grover said.
“Tyson, you’re wasting away.
Would you like another peanut butter
sandwich?”
Tyson stifled a belch.
“Yes, nice lady.”
Tyson was inhaling one peanut butter sandwich after another, and Grover
was loving the lemonade, crunching the Styrofoam cup like an ice-cream
cone.
“I didn’t think—” Annabeth faltered.
“Well, I didn’t think you liked
heroes.”
Hera smiled indulgently.
“Because of that little spat I had with Hercules?
Honestly, I got so much bad press because of one disagreement.”
“Didn’t you try to kill him, like, a lot of times?”
Annabeth asked.
Hera waved her hand dismissively.
“Water under the bridge, my dear.
Besides, he was one of my loving husband’s children by another woman.
My patience wore thin, I’ll admit it.
“How can you be sure?”
“Because something is coming from the right,” Grover said.
“Something big,” Tyson agreed.
“In a hurry.”
“Left is sounding pretty good,” I decided.
Together we plunged into the
dark corridor.
SEVEN
TYSON LEADS
A JAILBREAK
The good news: the left tunnel was straight with no side exits, twists, or
turns.
The bad news; it was a dead end.
After sprinting a hundred yards, we
ran into an enormous boulder that completely blocked our path.
Behind us,
the sounds of dragging footsteps and heavy breathing echoed down the
corridor.
Something—definitely not human—was on our tail.
“Tyson,” I said, “can you—”
“Yes!”
He slammed his shoulder against the rock so hard the whole tunnel
shook.
Dust trickled from the stone ceiling.
“Hurry!”
Grover said.
“Don’t bring the roof down, but hurry!”
The boulder finally gave way with a horrible grinding noise.
Tyson
pushed it into a small room and we dashed through behind it.
“Close the entrance!”
“Or trapped ourselves,” Grover said.
I turned.
We were in a twenty-foot-square cement room and the opposite
wall was covered with metal bars.
We’d tunneled straight into a cell.
***
“What in Hades?”
Annabeth tugged on the bars.
They didn’t budge.
Through the bars we could see rows of cells in a ring around a dark
courtyard—at least three stories of metal doors and metal catwalks.
“A prison,” I said.
“Maybe Tyson can break—”
“Shh,” said Grover.
“Listen.”
Somewhere above us, deep sobbing echoed through the building.
There
was another sound, too—a raspy voice muttering something that I couldn’t
make out.
The words were strange, like rocks in a tumbler.
“what’s that language?”
I whispered.
Tyson’s eye widened.
“Can’t be.”
“What?” I asked.
He grabbed two bars on our cell door and bent them wide enough for even
a Cyclops to slip through.
“Wait!”
Grover called.
But Tyson wasn’t about to wait.
We ran after him.
The prison was dark,
only a few dim fluorescent lights flickering above.
Grover said.
We crouched in the shadows, but the monster wasn’t paying us any
attention.
It seemed to be talking to someone inside a cell on the second
floor.
That’s where the sobbing was coming from.
The dragon woman said
something in her weird rumbling language.
“What’s she saying?”
I muttered.
“What’s that language?”

“The tongue of the old times.”
Tyson shivered.
“What Mother Earth
spoke to Titans and…her other children.
Before the gods.”
“You understand it?”
I asked.
“Can you translate?”
Tyson closed his eyes and began to speak in a horrible, raspy woman’s
voice.
“You will work for the master or suffer.”
“H-h-horrible,” Grover said.
“I’ve never smelled any monster that
strong.”
“Cyclopes’ worst nightmare,” Tyson murmured.
“Kampê.”
“Who?”
I asked.
Tyson swallowed.
“Every Cyclops knows about her.
Stories about her
scare us when we’re babies.
She was our jailer in the bad years.”
Annabeth nodded.
“I remember now.
When the Titans ruled, they
imprisoned Gaea and Ouranos’s earlier children—the Cyclopes and the
Hekatonkheires.”
“The Heka-what?”
I asked.
“The Hundred-Handed Ones,” she said.
“They called them that
because…well, they had a hundred hands.
They were elder brothers of the
Cyclopes.”
“Very powerful,” Tyson said.
“Wonderful!
As tall as the sky.
So strong
they could break mountains!”
“Cool,” I said.
“Unless you’re a mountain.”

“Kampê was the jailer,” he said.
“She worked for Kronos.
I knew Grover was right.
We didn’t have much time
before Kampê returned.
But I couldn’t just leave him here.
Tyson would cry
for weeks.
“One game of rock, paper, scissors,” I blurted out.
“If I win, you come
with us.
If I lose, we’ll leave you in jail.”
By the time Annabeth,
Tyson, and Grover caught up with me, I was staring at daylight streaming
through a set of bars above my head.
We were under a steel grate made out
of metal pipes.
I could see trees and blue sky.
“Where are we?”
I wondered.
Then a shadow fell across the grate and a cow stared down at me.
It
looked like a normal cow except with was a weird color—bright red, like a
cherry.
I didn’t know cows came in that color.
The cow mooed, put one hoof tentatively on the bars, then backed away.
“It’s a cattle guard,” Grover said.
“A what?”
I asked.
“They put them at the gates of ranches so cows can’t get out.
They can’t
walk on them.”
“How do you know that?”
Grover huffed indignantly.
“Believe me, if you had hooves, you’d know
about cattle guards.
They’re annoying!”
But what are they doing—”
“Wait,” Grover said.
“Listen.”
At first everything seemed quiet…but then I heard it: the distant baying of
dogs.
The sound got louder.
Then the underbrush rustled, and two dogs
broke through.
Except it wasn’t two dogs.
It was one dog with two heads.
It
looked like a greyhound, long and snaky and sleek brown, but its neck V’d
into two heads, both of them snapping and snarling and generally not very
glad to see us.
“Bad Janus dog!”
Tyson cried.
“Arf!”
Grover told it, and raised a hand in greeting.
The two-headed dog bared its teeth.
I guess it wasn’t impressed that
Grover could speak animal.
Then its master lumbered out of the woods, and
I realized the dog was the least of our problems.
He was a huge guy with stark white hair, a straw cowboy hat, and a
braided white beard— kind of like Father Time, if Father Time went redneck
and got totally jacked.
He was wearing jeans, a DON’T MESS WITH
TEXAS T-shirt, and a denim jacket with the sleeves ripped off so you could
see his muscles.
On his right bicep was a crossed-swords tattoo.
He held a
wooden club about the size of a nuclear warhead, with six-inch spikes
bristling at the business end.
“Heel, Orthus,” he told the dog.
The dog growled at us once more, just to make his feelings clear, just to
make his feelings clear, then circled back to his master’s feet.
The man
looked us up and down, keeping his club ready.
“What’ve we got here?”
he asked.
“That’s not right,” Grover murmured, but Geryon just kept narrating the
tour.
“Now, over here,” he said, “we have our fire-breathing horses, which you
may have seen on your way in.
They’re bred for war, naturally.”
“What war?”
I asked.
Geryon grinned slyly.
“Oh, whichever one comes along.
And over yonder,
of course, are our prize red cows.”
Sure enough, hundreds of the cherry-colored cattle were grazing the side
of the hill.
“So many,” Grover said.
“Yes, well, Apollo is too busy to see them,” Geryon explained, “so he
subcontracts to us.
We breed them vigorously because there’s such a
demand.”
“For what?”
I asked.
Geryon raised an eyebrow.
“Meat, of course!
Armies have to eat.”
“You kill the sacred cows of the sun god for hamburger meat?”
Grover
said.
“That’s the against ancient laws!”
“Oh, don’t get so worked up, satyr.
They’re just animals.”
“Just animals!”
“Yes, and if Apollo cared, I’m sure he would tell us.”
“If he knew,” I muttered.
Nico sat forward.
“I don’t care about any of this, Geryon.
We had
business to discuss, and this wasn’t it!”
“All in good time, Mr. di Angelo.
Look over here; some of my exotic
game.”
The next field was ringed in barbed wire.
The whole area was crawling
with giant scorpions.
“Triple G Ranch,” I said, suddenly remembering.
“Your mark was on the
crates at camp.
Quintus got his scorpions from you.”
“Quintus…” Geryon mused.
“Short gray hair, muscular, swordsman?”
“Yeah.”
“Never heard of him,” Geryon said.
“Now, over here are my prize stables!
You must see them.”
I didn’t need to see them, because as soon as we got within three hundred
yards I started to smell them.
Near the banks of a green river was a horse
corral the size of a football field.
Stables lined one side of it.
About a
hundred horses were milling around in the muck—and when I say muck, I
mean horse poop.
It was the most disgusting thing I’d ever seen, like a poop
blizzard had come through and dumped four feet of the stuff overnight.
The
horses were really gross from wading through it, and the stables were just as
bad.
It reeked like you would not believe—worse than the garbage boats on
the East River.
Even Nico gagged.
“What is that?”
“My stables!”
Geryon said.
“Well, actually they belong to Aegas, but we
watch over them for a small monthly fee.
Aren’t they lovely?”
“They’re disgusting!”
Was it the three bodies?”
“You have to let these animals go,” Grover said.
“It’s not right!”
“Two in the morning,” Grover said.
“I couldn’t sleep.
I was watching the
Nature Channel.”
He sniffled.
“I miss Juniper.”
I rubbed the sleep out of my eyes.
“Yeah, well…you’ll see her again
soon.”
Grover shook his head sadly.
“Do you know what day it is, Percy?
I just
saw it on TV.
It’s June thirteenth.
Seven days since we left camp.”
“What?” I said.
“That can’t be right.”
“Time is faster in the Labyrinth,” Grover reminded me.
“She’s, um, a little scared of spiders,” Grover explained.
“That old grudge
between Athena and Arachne.”
“Oh.” Eurytion looked a little embarrassed.
“Sorry, miss.”
The spider scrambled to the cattle guard and disappeared between the bars.
“Hurry,” I said.
“That thing’s not going to wait for us.”
If it hadn’t been for
Tyson’s and Grover’s excellent hearing, we never would’ve known which
way it was going.
We ran down a marble tunnel, then dashed to the left and almost fell into
an abyss.
Tyson grabbed me and hauled me back before I could fall.
The
tunnel continued in front of us, but there was no floor for about a hundred
feet, just gaping darkness and a series of iron rungs in the ceiling.
The
mechanical spider was about halfway across, swinging from bar to bar by
shooting out metal web fiber.
The Sphinx started to follow, but Grover raised his reed pipes and began
to play.
Suddenly the pencils remembered they used to be parts of trees.
They collected around the Sphinx’s paws, grew roots and branches, and
began wrapping around the monster’s legs.
The Sphinx ripped through them,
but it brought us just enough time.
Tyson pulled Grover into the tunnel, and the bars slammed shut behind us.
“Annabeth!”
I yelled.
“Here!”
she said, right next to me.
“Keep moving!”
We ran through the dark tunnels, listening to the roar of the Sphinx behind
us as she complained about all the tests she would have to grade by hand.
ELEVEN
I SET MYSELF ON FIRE
I thought we’d lost the spider until Tyson heard a faint pinging sound.
We
made a few turns, backtracked a few times, and eventually found the spider
banging its tiny head on a metal door.
The door looked like one of those old-fashioned submarine hatches—oval,
with metal rivets around the edges and a wheel for a doorknob.
Where the
portal should’ve been was a big brass plaque, green with age, with a Greek
Ȇta inscribed in the middle.
We all looked at each other.
“Ready to meet Hephaestus?”
Grover said nervously.
“No,” I admitted.
“Yes!”
Tyson said gleefully, and he turned the wheel.
As soon as the door opened, the spider scuttled inside with Tyson right
behind it.
The rest of us followed, not quite as anxious.
The room was enormous.
It looked like a mechanic’s garage, with several
hydraulic lifts.
Some had cars on them, but others had stranger things: a
bronze hippalektryon with its horse head off and a bunch of wires hanging
out its rooster tail, a metal lion that seemed to be hooked up to a battery
charger, and a Greek war chariot made entirely of flames.
Smaller projects cluttered a dozen worktables.
Tools hung along the walls.
Each had its own outline on a Peg-Board, but nothing seemed to be in the
right place.
The hammer was over the screwdriver place.
The staple gun was
where the hacksaw was supposed to go.
Under the nearest hydraulic lift, which was holding a ’98 Toyota Corolla,
a pair of legs stuck out—the lower half of a huge man in grubby gray pants
and shoes even bigger than Tyson’s.
one leg was in a metal brace.
The spider scuttled straight under the car, and the sounds of banging
stopped.
“Well, well,” a deep voice boomed from under the Corolla.
“What have
we here?”
The mechanic pushed out on a back trolley and sat up.
I’d seen
Hephaestus once before, briefly on Olympus, so I thought I was prepared,
but his appearance made me gulp.
I guess he’d cleaned up when I saw him on Olympus, or used magic to
make his form seem a little less hideous.
Here in his own workshop, he
apparently didn’t care how he looked.
He work a jumpsuit smeared with oil
and grime.
Hephaestus, was embroidered over the chest pocket.
His leg
creaked and clicked in its metal brace as he stood, and his left shoulder was
lower than his right, so he seemed to be leaning even when he was standing
up straight.
His head was misshapen and bulging.
He wore a permanent
scowl.
His black beard smoked and hissed.
Every once in a while a small
wildfire would erupt in his whiskers then die out.
His hands were the size of
catcher’s mitts, but he handled the spider with amazing skill.
He
disassembled it in two seconds, then put it back together.
“There,” he muttered to himself.
“Much better.”
The spider did a happy flip in his palm, shot a metallic web at the ceiling,
and went swinging away.
Hephaestus glowered up at us.
“I have many, but that used to be
my favorite.”
“That’s Mount St. Helens,” Grover said.
“Great forests around there.”
“You’ve been there?”
I asked.
“On our way back to
Hephaestus.”
“The tunnel will be gone by then,” Grover said.
“I have to follow it.
A
door like this won’t stay open!”
But I thought about my conversation with Grover last
night, and I knew what we had to do.
“We’ll split up,” I said.
“No!”
And Grover can’t go alone.”
Tyson put his hand on Grover’s shoulder.
“I—I will go with him.”
I couldn’t believe I was hearing this.
“Tyson, are you sure?”
The big guy nodded.
“Goat boy needs help.
We will find the god person.
I
am not like Hephaestus.
I trust friends.”
Grover took a deep breath.
“Percy, we’ll find each other again.
We’ve still
got the empathy link.
I just…have to.”
I didn’t blame him.
This was his life’s goal.
If he didn’t find Pan on this
journey, the council would never give him another chance.
“I hope you’re right,” I said.
“I know I am.”
I’d never heard him sound so confident about anything,
except maybe that cheese enchiladas were better than chicken enchiladas.
“Be careful,” I told him.
Then I looked at Tyson.
He gulped back a sob
and gave me a hug that just about squeezed my eyes out of their sockets.
Then he and Grover disappeared through the tunnel of tree roots and were
lost in the darkness.
I missed Grover and Tyson already.
Finally I decided I couldn’t stay put.
I crept along the outer rim of the lava
lake, hoping I could get a better angle to see what was happening in the
middle.
The heat was horrible.
Geryon’s ranch had been a winter wonderland
compared to this.
In no time I was drenched with sweat.
My eyes stung from
the smoke.
I moved along, trying to keep away from the edge, until I found
my way blocked by a cart on metal wheels, like the kind they sue in mine
shafts.
I lifted up the tarp and found it was half full of scrap metal.
I was
about to squeeze my way around it when I heard voices from up ahead,
probably from a side tunnel.
“Bring it in?” one asked.
“Yeah,” another said.
“Movie’s just about done.”
I panicked.
I didn’t have time to back up.
There was nowhere to hide
except…the cart.
I scrambled inside and pulled the tarp over me, hoping no
one had seen me.
I curled my fingers around Riptide, just in case I had to
fight.
The cart lurched forward.
“Oi,” a gruff voice said.
“Thing weighs a ton.”
“It’s celestial bronze,” the other said.
“What did you expect?”
I got pulled along.
We turned a corner, and from the sound of the wheels
echoing against the walls I guessed we had passed down a tunnel and into a
smaller room.
Hopefully I was not about to be dumped into a smelting pot.
If
they started to tip me over, I’d have to fight my way out quick.
I heard lots
of talking, chattering voices that didn’t sound human—somewhere between
a seal’s bark and a dog’s growl.
There were other sounds too—like an oldfashioned film projector and a tinny voice narrating.
“Just set it in the back,” a new voice ordered from across the room.
“Now,
younglings, please attend to the film.
There will be time for questions
afterward.”
The voices quieted down, and I could hear the film.
As a young sea demon matures, the narrator said, changes happen in the
monster’s body.
You may notice your fangs getting longer and you may have
a sudden desire to devour human beings.
These changes are perfectly
normal and happen to all young monsters.
Excited snarling filled the room.
The teacher—I guess it must have been a
teacher—told the younglings to be quiet, and the film continued.
I didn’t
understand most of it, and I didn’t dare look.
The film kept talking about
growth spurts and acne problems caused by working in the forges, and
proper flipper hygiene, and finally it was over.
“Now, younglings,” the instructor said, “what is the proper name of our
kind?”
“Sea demons!”
one of them barked.
“No. Anyone else?”
“Telekhines!”
another monster growled.
“Very good,” the instructor said.
“And why are we here?”
“Revenge!”
several shouted.
“And Grover and Tyson?”
“Yes!”
I said.
“I have to get back to them.
They’re in danger.
She touched my face, and I didn’t back away this time.
“Rest first.
You
are no good to your friends until you heal.”
As soon as she said it, I realized how tired I was.
“You’re not…you’re not
an evil sorceress, are you?”
She smiled coyly.
“Why would you think that?”

“Well, I met Circe once, and she had a pretty nice island, too.
Except she
liked to turn men into guinea pigs.”
Calypso gave me that laugh again.
“I promise I will not turn you into a
guinea pig.”
“Or anything else?”
“I am no evil sorceress,” Calypso said.
“And I am not your enemy, brave
one.
Now rest.
Your eyes are already closing.”
She was right.
My knees buckled, and I would’ve landed face-first in the
gravel if Calypso hadn’t caught me.
Her hair smelled like cinnamon.
She
was very strong, or maybe I was just really weak and thin.
She walked me
back to a cushioned bench by the fountain and helped me lie down.
“Rest,” she ordered.
And I fell asleep to the sound of the fountains and the
smell of cinnamon and juniper.
***
The next time I woke it was night, but I wasn’t sure if it was the same
night or many nights later.
I was in the bed in the cave, but I rose and
wrapped a robe around myself and padded outside.
The stars were
brilliant—thousands of them, like you only see way out in the country.
“What about Grover and Tyson?”
I asked.
Hephaestus shook his head.
“No word, I’m afraid.
I suppose the labyrinth
has them.”
“So what am I supposed to do?”
Hephaestus winced.
“Don’t ever ask an old cripple for advice, lad.
But I’ll
tell you this.
You’ve met my wife?”
“Aphrodite.”
“That’s her.
She’s a tricky one, ad.
Be careful of love.
It’ll twist your
brain around and leave you thinking up is down and right is wrong.”
I thought about my meeting with Aphrodite, in the back of a white
Cadillac in the desert last winter.
She’d told me that she had taken a special
interest in me, and she’d be making things hard for me in the romance
department, just because she liked me.
“Is this part of her plan?”
I asked.
“Did she land me here?”

“Possibly.
Hard to say with her.
But if you decide to leave this place—and
I don’t say what’s right or wrong—then I promised you an answer to your
quest.
I promised you the way to Daedalus.
Well now, here’s the thing.
It
has nothing to do with Ariadne’s string.
Not really.
Sure, the string work.
That’s what the Titan’s army will be after.
Btu the best way through the
maze…Theseus had the princess’s help.
And the princess was a regular
mortal.
Not a drop of god blood in her.
But she was clever, and she could see,
lad.
She could see very clearly.
So what I’m saying—I think you know how
to navigate the maze.”
It finally sank in.
why hadn’t I seen it before?
Hera had been right.
The
answer was there all the time.
“Yeah,” I said.
“Yeah, I know.”
“Then you’ll need to decide whether or not you’re leaving.”
“I…” I wanted to say yes.
Of course I would.
But the words stuck in my
throat.
I found myself looking out at the lake, and suddenly the idea of
leaving seemed very hard.
“Don’t decide yet,” Hephaestus advised.
“Wait until daybreak.
Daybreak
is a good time for decisions.”
“Will Daedalus even help us?”
I asked.
What was wrong with me that I hadn’t even considered that?
“Chiron,” I said, “what about Grover and Tyson?
Do you think—”
“I don’t know, my boy.”
Chiron gazed into the empty fireplace.
“Juniper
is quite distressed.
All her branches are turning yellow.
The Council of
Cloven Elders had revoked Grover’s searcher license in absentia.
Assuming
he comes back alive, they will force him into a shameful exile.”
He sighed.
“Grover and Tyson are very resourceful, however.
We can still hope.”
“I shouldn’t have let them run off.”
“Grover has his own destiny, and Tyson was brave to follow him.
You
would know if Grover was in mortal danger, don’t you think?”
“I suppose.
The empathy link.
But—”
“There is something else I should tell you, Percy,” he said.
“Actually two
unpleasant things.”
Rachel
ordered an Espresso Extreme, the kind of stuff Grover would like.
Annabeth
and I got fruit smoothies and we sat at a table right under the stuffed moose.
Nobody even looked twice at Rachel in her golden outfit.
“So,” she said, “it’s Annabell, right?”
“Annabeth,” Annabeth corrected.
“Do you always dress in gold?”
“Not usually,” Rachel said.
“We’re raising money for our group.
We do
volunteer art projects for elementary kids ’cause they’re cutting art from the
schools, you know?
We do this once a month, take in about five hundred
dollars on a good weekend.
But I’m guessing you don’t want to talk about
that.
You’re a half-blood, too?”
“Shhh!”
“That looks like the tunnel Tyson and Grover took.”
It lashed at Grover, but Grover scampered out of the way.
The snake got a
mouthful of dirt.
Tyson picked up a boulder and threw it at the monster,
smacking it between the eyes, but the snake just recoiled and hissed.
“It’s going to eat you!”
Grover yelled at Tyson.
“How do you know?”
“It just told me!
Run!”
Tyson darted to one side, but the snake used its head like a club and
knocked him off his feet.
“No!”
Grover yelled.
But before Tyson could regain his balance, the
snake wrapped around him and started to squeeze.
Tyson strained, pushing with all his immense strength, but the snake
squeezed tighter.
Grover frantically hit the snake with his reed pipes, but he
might as well have been banging on a stone wall.
The whole room shook as the snake flexed its muscles, shuddering to
overcome Tyson’s strength.
Grover began to play with pipes, and stalactites rained down from the
ceiling.
I thought about Grover and Tyson, still down there somewhere.
And
Daedalus…even though he’d done some terrible things and put everybody I
cared about at risk, it seemed like a pretty horrible way to die.
“No,” Nico said.
“He isn’t dead.”
“How can you be sure?”
I asked.
“I know when people die.
It’s this feeling I get, like a buzzing in my ears.”
“What about Tyson and Grover, then?”
Nico shook his head.
“That’s harder.
They’re not humans or half-bloods.
They don’t have mortal souls.”
“We have to get into town,” Annabeth decided.
“Our chances will be
better of finding an entrance to the Labyrinth.
I didn’t want to say it, but I was also hoping that maybe, just maybe, we
would find Grover and Tyson along the way.
After all that I’d gone through today, I couldn’t
stand the thought that something might’ve happened to Grover, too.
Then I noticed something else.
The cave floor was mushy and wet from
the water dripping off the stalactites.
There were large footprints like
Tyson’s, and smaller ones—goat hooves—leading off to the left.
“We have to follow them,” I said.
“They went that way.
It must have been
recently.”
“What about Camp Half-Blood?”
Nico said.
“There’s no time.”
“We have to find them,” Annabeth insisted.
“They’re our friends.”
She picked up Grover’s smashed cap and forged ahead.
I followed bracing myself for the worst.
The tunnel was treacherous.
It
sloped at weird angles and was slimy with moisture.
Half the time we were
slipping and sliding rather than walking.
Finally we got to the bottom of a slope and found ourselves in a large
cave with huge stalagmite columns.
Through the center of the room ran an
underground river, and Tyson was sitting by the banks, cradling Grover in
his lap.
Grover’s eyes were closed.
He wasn’t moving.
“Tyson!”
I yelled.
“Percy! Come quick!”
We ran over to him.
Grover wasn’t dead, thank the gods, but his whole
body trembled like he was freezing to death.
“What happened?”
I asked.
“So many things,” Tyson murmured.
“Large snake.
Large dogs.
Men with
swords.
But then…we got close to here.
Grover was excited.
He ran.
Then
we reached this room, and he fell.
Like this.”
“Did he say anything?”
I asked.
“He said, ‘We’re close.’
Then hit his head on rocks.”
I knelt next to him.
The only other time I’d seen Grover pass out was New
Mexico, when he’d felt the presence of Pan.
I shined my flashlight around the cavern.
The rocks glittered.
At the far
end was the entrance to another cave, flanked by gigantic columns of crystal
that looked like diamonds.
And beyond that entrance…
“Grover,” I said.
“Wake up.”
“Uhhhhhhhh.”
Annabeth knelt next to him and splashed icy cold river water in his face.
“Splurg!”
His eyelids fluttered.
“Percy?
Annabeth?
Where…”

“It’s okay,” I said.
“You passed out.
The presence was too much for you.”
“I—I remember.
Pan.”
“Yeah,” I said.
“Something powerful is just beyond that doorway.”
***
I made quick introductions, since Tyson and Grover had never met Rachel.
There was no way he could’ve hidden those under
a hat the way Grover did.
Around his neck hung a set of reed pipes.
Grover fell to his knees in front of the bed.
“Lord Pan!”
The god smiled kindly, but there was sadness in his eyes.
“Grover, my
dear, brave satyr.
I have waited a very long time for you.”
“I…got lost,” Grover apologized.
Pan laughed.
It was a wonderful sound, like the first breeze of springtime,
filling the whole cavern with hope.
The tiger-wolf sighed and rested his head
on the god’s knee.
The dodo bird pecked affectionately at the god’s hooves,
making a strange sound in the back of its bill.
I could swear it was humming
“It’s a Small World.”
Still, Pan looked tired.
His whole form shimmered as if he were made of
Mist.
I noticed my other friends were kneeling.
They had awed looks on their
faces.
I got to my knees.
“You have a humming dodo bird,” I said stupidly.
The god’s eyes twinkled.
“Yes, that’s Dede.
My little actress.”
Dede the dodo looked offended.
She pecked at Pan’s knee and hummed
something that sounded like a funeral dirge.
“This is the most beautiful place!”
“My lord,” Grover said, “please, you must come back with me!
The
Elders will never believe it!
They’ll be overjoyed!
You can save the wild!”
Pan placed his hand on Grover’s head and ruffled his curly hair.
“You are
so young, Grover.
So good and true.
I think I chose well.”
“Chose?”
Grover said.
“I—I don’t understand.”
Pan’s image flickered, momentarily turning to smoke.
The giant guinea
pig scuttled under the bed with a terrified squeal.
The wooly mammoth
grunted nervously.
Dede stuck her head under her wing.
Then Pan re-formed.
“I have slept many eons,” the god said forlornly.
“My dreams have been
dark.
I wake fitfully, and each time my waking is shorter.
Now we are near
the end.”
“What?”
Grover cried.
“But no!
You’re right here!”
“My dear satyr,” Pan said.
“I tried to tell the world, two thousand years
ago.
I announced it to Lysas, a satyr very much like you.
he lived in Ephesos,
and he tried to spread the word.”
Grover said.
“Your kind never believed it,” Pan said.
“You sweet, stubborn satyrs
refused to accept my passing.
And I love you for that, but you only delayed
the inevitable.
You only prolonged my long, painful passing, my dark
twilight sleep.
It must end.”
“No!”
Grover’s voice trembled.
“Dear Grover,” Pan said.
“You must accept the truth.
Your companion,
Nico, he understands.”
Nico nodded slowly.
“He’s dying.
He should have died long ago.
This…this is more like a memory.”
“But gods can’t die,” Grover said.
“They can fade,” Pan said, “when everything they stood for is gone.
When they cease to have power, and their sacred places disappear.
The wild,
my dear Grover, is so small now, so shattered, that no god can save it.
My
realm is gone.
That is why I need you to carry a message.
You must go back
to the council.
You must tell the satyrs, and the dryads, and the other spirits
of nature, that the great god Pan is dead.
Tell them of my passing.
Because
they must stop waiting for me to save them.
I cannot.
The only salvation you
must make yourself.
Each of you must—”
He stopped and frowned at the dodo bird, who had started humming again.
“Dede, what are you doing?”
Pan demanded.
“Are you singing Kumbaya
again?”
Dede looked up innocently and blinked her yellow eyes.
Pan sighed.
“Everybody’s a cynic.
But as I was saying, my dear Grover,
each of you must take up my calling.”
“But…no!”
Grover whimpered.
“Be strong,” Pan said.
“You have found me.
And now you must release
me.
You must carry on my spirit.
It can no longer be carried by a god.
It
must be taken up by all of you.”
Pan looked straight at me with his clear blue eyes, and I realized he
wasn’t just talking about satyrs.
He meant half-bloods, too, and humans.
Everyone.
“Percy Jackson,” the god said.
“I know what you have seen today.
I know
your doubts.
But I give you this news: when the time comes, you will not be
ruled by fear.”
Grover wiped his eyes.
Then slowly he stood.
“I’ve spent my whole life
looking for you.
Now…I release you.”
Pan smiled.
“Thank you, dear satyr.
My final blessing.”
He closed his eyes, and the god dissolved.
White mist divided into wisps
of energy, but this kind of energy wasn’t scary like the blue power I’d seen
from Kronos.
It filled the room.
A curl of smoke went straight into my
mouth, and Grover’s and the others.
But I think a little more of it went into
Grover.
The crystals dimmed.
The animals gave us a sad look.
Dede the

dodo sighed.
Then they all turned gray and crumbled to dust.
The vines
withered.
And we were alone in a dark cave, with an empty bed.
I switched on my flashlight.
Grover took a deep breath.
“Are…are you okay?”
I asked him.
He looked older and sadder.
Chiron studied Grover’s face.
“We will speak of this later.”
“We will speak of it now!”
Silenus said.
“We must deal with this—”
“Silenus,” Chiron cut in.
“My camp is under attack.
The matter of Pan has
waited two thousand years.
I fear it will have to wait a bit longer.
Assuming
we are still here this evening.”
And on that happy note, he readied his bow and galloped toward the
woods, leaving us to follow as best we could.
***
It was the biggest military operation I’d ever seen at camp.
Everyone was
at the clearing, dressed in full battle armor, but this time it wasn’t for capture
the flag.
The Hephaestus cabin had set up traps around the entrance to the
Labyrinth—razor wire, pits filled with pots of Greek fire, rows of sharpened
sticks to deflect a charge.
Beckendorf was manning two catapults the size of
pickup trucks, already primed and aimed at Zeus’s Fist.
The Ares cabin was
on the front line, drilling in phalanx formation with Clarisse calling orders.
Apollo’s and Hermes’s cabins were scattered in the woods with bows ready.
Many had taken up positions in the trees.
Even the dryads were armed with
bows, and the satyrs trotted around with wooden cudgels and shields made
of rough tree bark.
Annabeth went to join her brethren from the Athena cabin, who had set up
a command tent and were directing operations.
A gray banner with an owl
fluttered outside the tent.
Our security chief, Argus, stood guard at the door.
Aphrodite’s children were running around straightening everybody’s armor
and offering to comb the tangles out of our horsehair plumes.
Even
Dionysus’s kids had found something to do.
The god himself was still
nowhere to be seen, but his two blond twin sons were running around
providing all the sweaty warriors with water bottles and juice boxes.
It looked like a pretty good setup, but Chiron muttered next to me.
“It
isn’t enough.”
I thought about what I’d seen in the Labyrinth, all the monsters in
Antaeus’s stadium, and the power of Kronos I’d felt of Mt. Tam.
My heart
sank.
Chiron was right, but it was all we could muster.
For once I wished
Dionysus was here, but even if he had been, I didn’t know if he could do
anything.
When it came to war, gods were forbidden to interfere directly.
Apparently, the Titans didn’t believe in restrictions like that.
Over at the edge of the clearing, Grover was talking to Juniper.
She held
his hands while he told her our story.
Green tears formed in her eyes as he
delivered the news about Pan.
Tyson helped the Hephaestus kids prepare the defenses.
He picked up
boulders and piled them next to the catapults for firing.
“Stay with me, Percy,” Chiron said.
“When the fighting begins, I want
you to wait until we know what we’re dealing with.
You must go where we
most need reinforcements.”

“I saw Kronos,” I said, still stunned by the fact.
“I looked straight into his
eyes.
I ran back toward the fight, and Grover and Juniper
followed.
Grover had a cudgel in his hand and Juniper held a stick—like an
old-fashioned whipping switch.
She looked really angry, like she was going
to tan somebody’s backside.
Just when it seemed like the battle had balanced out again—like we might
stand a chance—an unearthly shriek echoed out of the Labyrinth, a sound I
had heard before.
Kampê shot into the sky, her bat wings fully extended.
She landed on the
top of Zeus’s Fist and surveyed the carnage.
Her face was filled with evil
glee.
The mutant animal heads growled at her waist.
Snakes hissed and
swirled around her legs.
In her right hand she held a glittering ball of
thread—Ariadne’s string—but she popped it into a lion’s mouth at her waist
and drew her curved swords.
The blades glowed green with poison.
Kampê
screeched in triumph, and some of the campers screamed.
Others tried to run
and got trampled by hellhounds or giants.
“Di Immortales!”
Chiron yelled.
He quickly aimed an arrow, but Kampê
seemed to sense his presence.
She took flight with amazing speed, and
Chrion’s arrow whizzed harmlessly past her head.
Tyson untangled himself from the giant whom he’d pummeled into
unconsciousness.
He ran at our lines, shouting, “Stand!
Do not run from her!
Flight!”
But then a hellhound leaped on him, and Tyson and the hound went
rolling away.
Kampê landed on the Athena command tent, smashing it flat.
But, Grover…later we must talk about how you did that.”

“That was amazing,” I agreed.
Grover blushed.
“I don’t know where it came from.”
Juniper hugged him fiercely.
“I do!”
Before she could say more, Tyson called, “Percy, come quick!
It is Nico!”
***
There was smoke curling off his black clothes.
His fingers were clenched,
and the grass all around his body had turned yellow and died.
I rolled him over as gently as I could and put my against his chest.
His
heart was beating faintly.
“Get some nectar!”
I yelled.
One of the Ares campers hobbled over and handed me a canteen.
I
trickled some of the magic drink into Nico’s mouth.
He coughed and
spluttered, but his eyelids fluttered open.
“Nico, what happened?”
I asked.
“Can you talk?”
He nodded weakly.
“Never tried to summon so many before.
I—I’ll be
fine.”
We helped him sit up and gave him some more nectar.
He blinked at all of
us, like he was trying to remember who we were, and then he focused on
someone behind me.
“Daedalus,” he croaked.
“Yes, my boy,” the inventor said.
“I made a very bad mistake.
I came to
correct it.”
Daedalus had a few scratches that were bleeding golden oil, but he looked
better than most of us.
Apparently his automaton body healed itself quickly.
Mrs. O’Leary loomed behind him, licking the wounds on her master’s head
so Daedalus’s hair stood up funny.
Briares stood next to him, surrounded by
a group of awed campers and satyrs.
He looked kind of bashful, but he was
signing autographs on armor, shields, and T-shirts.
“I found the Hundred-Handed One as I came through the maze,” Daedalus
explained.
“It seems he had the same idea, to come help, but he was lost.
And so we fell in together.
We both came to make amends.”
“Yay!”
Tyson jumped up and down.
“Briares!
I knew you would come!”
“I did not know,” the Hundred-Handed One said.
“But you reminded me
who I am, Cyclops.
You are the hero.”
Tyson blushed, but I patted him on the back.
“I knew that a long time
ago,” I said.
“But, Daedalus…the Titan army is still down there.
Even
without the string, they’ll be back.
They’ll find a way sooner or later, with
Kronos leading them.”
Daedalus sheathed his sword.
“You are right.
As long as the Labyrinth is
here, your enemies can use it.
Which is why the Labyrinth cannot continue.”
Annabeth stared at him.
“But you said the Labyrinth is tied to your life
force!
As long as you’re alive—”
“Yes, my young architect,” Daedalus agreed.
“When I die, the Labyrinth
will die as well.
And so I have a present for you.”
He slung a leather satchel off his back, unzipped it, and produced a sleek
silver laptop computer—one of the ones I’d seen in the workshop.
On the lid
was the blue symbol ∆.
“My work is here,” he said.
“It’s all I managed to save from the fire.
Notes on projects I never started.
Some of my favorite designs.
I couldn’t
develop these over the last few millennia.
I did not dare reveal my work to
the mortal world.
But perhaps you will find it interesting.”
Juniper, Annabeth, and I stood by Grover’s side.
Silenus wanted to exile Grover immediately, but Chiron persuaded him to
at least hear evidence first, so we told everyone what had happened in the
crystal cavern, and what Pan had said.
Then several eyewitnesses from the
battle described the weird sound Grover had made, which drove the Titan’s
army back underground.
“It was panic,” insisted Juniper.
“Grover summoned the power of the wild
god.”
“Panic?”
I asked.
“Percy,” Chiron explained, “during the first war of the gods and the Titans,
Lord Pan let forth a horrible cry that scared away the enemy armies.
It is—it

was his greatest power—a massive wave of fear that helped the gods win the
day.
The word panic is named after Pan, you see.
And Grover used that
power, calling it forth from within himself.”
“Preposterous!”
Silenus bellowed.
“Sacrilege!
Perhaps the wild god
favored us with a blessing.
Or perhaps Grover’s music was so awful it
scared the enemy away!”
“That wasn’t it, sir,” Grover said.
He sounded a lot calmer than I would
have if I’d been insulted like that.
“He let his spirit pass into all of us.
We
must act.
Each of us must work to renew the wild, to protect what’s left of it.
We must spread the word.
Pan is dead.
There is no one but us.”
“After two thousand years of searching, this is what you would have us
believe?”
Silenus cried.
“Never!
We must continue the search!
Exile the
traitor!”
Some of the older satyrs muttered assent.
“A vote!”
Silenus demanded.
“Who would believe this ridiculous young
satyr, anyway?”
“I would,” said a familiar voice.
Everyone turned.
Striding into the grove was Dionysus.
He wore a formal
black suit, so I almost didn’t recognize him, a deep purple tie and violet
dress shirt, his curly dark hair carefully combed.
His eyes were bloodshot as
usual, and his pudgy face was flushed, but he looked like he was suffering
from grief more than wine-withdrawal.
The satyrs all stood respectfully and bowed as he approached.
Dionysus
waved his hand, and a new chair grew out of the ground next to Silenus’s—a
throne made of grapevines.
Dionysus sat down and crossed his legs.
He snapped his fingers and satyr
hurried forward with a plate of cheese and crackers and a Diet Coke.
The god of wine looked around at the assembled crowd.
“Miss me?”
The satyrs fell over themselves nodding and bowing.
“Oh, yes, very much,
sire!”
“Well, I did not miss this place!”
Dionysus snapped.
“I bear bad news, my
friends.
Evil news.
The minor gods are changing sides.
Morpheus has gone
over to the enemy.
Hecate, Janus, and Nemesis, as well.
Now, I want to
hear Grover’s story.
Again, from the top.”
“But, my lord,” Silenus protested.
“It’s just nonsense!”
Dionysus’s eyes flared with purple fire.
“I have just learned that my son
Castor is dead, Silenus.
I am not in a good mood.
You would do well to
humor me.”
Silenus gulped, and waved at Grover to start again.
When Grover was done, Mr. D nodded.
“It sounds like just the sort of
thing Pan would do.
Grover is right.
The search is tiresome.
You must start
thinking for yourselves.”
He turned to a satyr.
“Bring me some peeled
grapes, right away!”
“Yes, sire!”
The satyr scampered off.
“We must exile the traitor!”
Silenus insisted.
“I say no,” Dionysus countered.
“That is my vote.”
“I vote no as well,” Chiron put in.
Silenus set his jaw stubbornly.
“All in favor of the exile?”
He and the two other old satyrs raised their hands.
“Three to two,” Silenus said.
“Ah, yes,” Dionysus said.
“But unfortunately for you, a god’s vote counts
twice.
And as I voted against, we are tied.”
Silenus stood, indignant.
“This is an outrage!
The council cannot stand at
an impasse.”
“Then let it be dissolved!”
Mr. D said.
“I don’t care.”
Silenus bowed stiffly, along with his two friends, and they left the grove.
About twenty satyrs went with them.
The rest stood around murmuring
uncomfortably.
“Don’t worry,” Grover told them.
“We don’t need the council to tell us
what to do.
We can figure it out ourselves.”
He told them again the words of Pan—how they must save the wild a little
at a time.
He started dividing the satyrs into groups—which ones would go
to the national parks, which ones would search out the last wild places,
which ones would defend the parks in the big cities.
Ever since last summer when the god Pan had died, our friend Grover had been drifting farther and
farther away.
The Council of Cloven Elders treated him like an outcast, but Grover still traveled all over
the East Coast, trying to spread the word about Pan and convince nature spirits to protect their own little
bits of the wild.
He'd only come back to camp a few times to see his girlfriend, Juniper.
Last I'd heard he was in Central Park organizing the dryads, but nobody had seen or heard from him
in two months.
We'd tried to send Iris-messages.
They never got through.
I had an empathy link with
Grover, so I hoped I would know if anything bad happened to him.
Grover had told me one time that if he
died, the empathy link might kill me too.
But I wasn't sure if that was still true or not.
I wondered if he was still in Manhattan.
Then I thought about my dream of Rachel's sketch—dark
clouds closing on the city, an army gathered around the Empire State Building.
"Annabeth."
I stopped her by the tetherball court.
I knew I was asking for trouble, but I didn't know
who else to trust.
She was in a familiar clearing where
the Council of Cloven Elders had once put Grover on trial.
The place didn't look so good.
The grass had
turned yellow.
The three topiary thrones had lost all their leaves.
But that's not what surprised me.
In the
middle of the glade stood the weirdest trio I'd ever seen: Juniper the tree nymph, Nico di Angelo, and a
very old, very fat satyr.
Nico was the only one who didn't seem freaked out by Mrs. O'Leary's appearance.
He looked pretty
much like I'd seen him in my dream—an aviator's jacket, black jeans, and a T-shirt with dancing skeletons
on it, like one of those Day of the Dead pictures.
His Stygian iron sword hung at his side.
He was only
twelve, but he looked much older and sadder.
He nodded when he saw me, then went back to scratching Mrs. O'Leary's ears.
She sniffed his legs
like he was the most interesting thing since rib-eye steaks.
Being the son of Hades, he'd probably been
traveling in all sorts of hellhound-friendly places.
The old satyr didn't look nearly so happy.
"Will someone—what is this underworld creature doing in
my forest!"
He waved his arms and trotted on his hooves as if the grass were hot.
"You there, Percy
Jackson! Is this your beast?"
"Sorry, Leneus," I said.
"That's your name, right?
"
The satyr rolled his eyes.
His fur was dust-bunny gray, and a spiderweb grew between his horns.
His
belly would've made him an invincible bumper car.
"Well, of course I'm Leneus.
Don't tell me you've
forgotten a member of the Council so quickly.
Now, call off your beast!"
"WOOF!"
Mrs. O'Leary said happily.
The old satyr gulped.
"Make it go away!
Juniper, I will not help you under these circumstances!"
Juniper turned toward me.
She was pretty in a dryad-y way, with her purple gossamer dress and her
elfish face, but her eyes were green-tinted with chlorophyll from crying.
"Percy," she sniffled.
"I was just asking about Grover.
I know something's happened.
He wouldn't stay
gone this long if he wasn't in trouble.
I was hoping that Leneus—"
"I told you!"
the satyr protested.
"You are better off without that traitor.
"
Juniper stamped her foot.
"He is not a traitor!
He's the bravest satyr ever, and I want to know where
he is!"
"WOOF!"
Leneus's knees started knocking.
"I . . .
I won't answer questions with this hellhound sniffing my tail!"
Nico looked like he was trying to not crack up.
"I'll walk the dog," he volunteered.
He whistled, and Mrs. O'Leary bounded after him to the far end of the grove.
Leneus huffed indignantly and brushed the twigs off his shirt.
"Now, as I was trying to explain, young
lady, your boyfriend has not sent any reports since we voted him into exile.
"
"You tried to vote him into exile," I corrected.
"Chiron and Dionysus stopped you.
"
"Bah!
They are honorary Council members.
It wasn't a proper vote.
"
"I'll tell Dionysus you said that."
Leneus paled.
"I only meant . . .
Now see here, Jackson.
This is none of your business."
"Grover's my friend," I said.
"He wasn't lying to you about Pan's death.
I saw it myself.
You were just
too scared to accept the truth."
Leneus's lips quivered.
"No! Grover's a liar and good riddance.
We're better off without him.
"
I pointed at the withered thrones.
"If things are going so well, where are your friends?
Looks like your
Council hasn't been meeting lately.
"
"Maron and Silenus . .
.
I . . .
I'm sure they'll be back," he said, but I could hear the panic in his voice.
"They're just taking some time off to think.
It's been a very unsettling year.
"It's going to get a lot more unsettling," I promised.
"Leneus, we need Grover.
There's got to be a way
you can find him with your magic.
"
The old satyr's eye twitched.
"I'm telling you, I've heard nothing.
Perhaps he's dead.
"
Juniper choked back a sob.
"He's not dead," I said.
"I can feel that much.
"
"Empathy links," Leneus said disdainfully.
"Very unreliable.
"
"So ask around," I insisted.
"Find him.
There's a war coming.
Grover was preparing the nature
spirits."
"Without my permission!
And it's not our war.
"
I grabbed him by the shirt, which seriously wasn't like me, but the stupid old goat was making me

mad.
"Listen, Leneus.
When Kronos attacks, he's going to have packs of hellhounds.
He's going to
destroy everything in his path—mortals, gods, demigods.
Do you think he'll let the satyrs go free?
You're
supposed to be a leader.
So LEAD.
Get out there and see what's happening.
Find Grover and bring
Juniper some news.
Now, GO!"
I didn't push him very hard, but he was kind of top-heavy.
He fell on his furry rump, then scrambled
to his hooves and ran away with his belly jiggling.
"Grover will never be accepted!
He will die an
outcast!"
When he'd disappeared into the bushes, Juniper wiped her eyes.
"I'm sorry, Percy.
I didn't mean to get
you involved.
Leneus is still a lord of the Wild.
You don't want to make an enemy of him.
"
"No problem," I said.
"I've got worse enemies than overweight satyrs.
"
Nico walked back to us.
"Good job, Percy.
Judging from the trail of goat pellets, I'd say you shook
him up pretty well.
"
I was afraid I knew why Nico was here, but I tried for a smile.
"Welcome back.
Did you come by just
to see Juniper?"
He blushed.
"Um, no.
That was an accident.
I kind of . . . dropped into the middle of their
conversation.
"
"He scared us to death!"
Juniper said.
"Right out of the shadows.
But, Nico, you are the son of Hades
and all.
Are you sure you haven't heard anything about Grover?"
Nico shifted his weight.
"Juniper, like I tried to tell you . . .
even if Grover died, he would reincarnate
into something else in nature.
I can't sense things like that, only mortal souls."
"But if you do hear anything?" she pleaded, putting her hand on his arm.
"Anything at all?"
Nico's cheeks got even brighter red.
"Uh, you bet.
I'll keep my ears open.
"
"We'll find him, Juniper," I promised.
"Grover's alive, I'm sure.
There must be a simple reason why
he hasn't contacted us.
"
She nodded glumly.
"I hate not being able to leave the forest.
He could be anywhere, and I'm stuck
here waiting.
Oh, if that silly goat has gotten himself hurt—"
Mrs. O'Leary bounded back over and took an interest in Juniper's dress.
Juniper yelped.
"Oh, no you don't!
I know about dogs and trees.
I'm gone!"
She went poof into green mist.
Mrs. O'Leary looked disappointed, but she lumbered off to find
another target, leaving Nico and me alone.
Nico tapped his sword on the ground.
A tiny mound of animal bones erupted from the dirt.
They knit
themselves together into a skeletal field mouse and scampered off.
"I was sorry to hear about
Beckendorf."
A lump formed in my throat.
"How did you—"

"I talked to his ghost."
"Oh . . .
right."
I'd never get used to the fact that this twelve-year-old kid spent more time talking with
the dead than the living.
"Did he say anything?"
"He doesn't blame you.
He figured you'd be beating yourself up, and he said you shouldn't."
"Is he going to try for rebirth?"
Nico shook his head.
"He's staying in Elysium.
Said he's waiting for someone.
Not sure what he
meant, but he seems okay with death.
"
It wasn't much comfort, but it was something.
"I had a vision you were on Mount Tarn," I told Nico.
"Was that—"
"Real," he said.
"I didn't mean to be spying on the Titans, but I was in the neighborhood."
"Doing what?"
Nico tugged at his sword belt.
"Following a lead on . . .
you know, my family.
"
I nodded.
I knew his past was a painful subject.
Until two years ago, he and his sister Bianca had been
frozen in time at a place called the Lotus Hotel and Casino.
They'd been there for like seventy years.
Eventually a mysterious lawyer rescued them and checked them into a boarding school, but Nico had no
memories of his life before the casino.
He didn't know anything about his mother.
He didn't know who the
lawyer was, or why they'd been frozen in time or allowed to go free.
After Bianca died and left Nico
alone, he'd been obsessed with finding answers.
"So how did it go?"
I asked.
"Any luck?"
"No," he murmured.
"But I may have a new lead soon.
"
"What's the lead?"
Nico chewed his lip.
"That's not important right now.
You know why I'm here.
"
A feeling of dread started to build in my chest.
Ever since Nico first proposed his plan for beating
Kronos last summer, I'd had nightmares about it.
He would show up occasionally and press me for an
answer, but I kept putting him off.
"Nico, I don't know," I said.
"It seems pretty extreme."
"You've got Typhon coming in, what . .
.
a week?
Most of the other Titans are unleashed now and on
Kronos's side.
Maybe it's time to think extreme.
"
I looked back toward the camp.
Even from this distance I could hear the Ares and Apollo campers
fighting again, yelling curses and spouting bad poetry.
"They're no match for the Titan army," Nico said.
"You know that.
My empathy link was really tingling for the first time in months, which either
meant a whole lot of people had suddenly switched on the Nature Channel, or Grover was close.
I shut my eyes and concentrated.
Grover.
I knew he was somewhere in the park.
Why couldn't I sense his emotions?
All I got was a faint hum
in the base of my skull.
Grover, I thought more insistently.
Hmm-hmmmm, something said.
An image came into my head.
I saw a giant elm tree deep in the woods, well off the main paths.
Gnarled roots laced the ground, making a kind of bed.
Lying in it with his arms crossed and his eyes
closed was a satyr.
At first I couldn't be sure it was Grover.
He was covered in twigs and leaves, like he'd
been sleeping there a long time.
The roots seemed to be shaping themselves around him, slowly pulling
him into the earth.
Grover
, I said.
Wake up.
Unnnh—zzzzz.
Dude, you're covered in dirt.
Wake up!
Sleepy, his mind murmured.
FOOD, I suggested.
PANCAKES!
His eyes shot open.
A blur of thoughts filled my head like he was suddenly on fast-forward.
The
image shattered, and I almost fell over.
"What happened?"
Nico asked.
"I got through.
He's . . .
yeah.
He's on his way.
"
A minute later, the tree next to us shivered.
Grover fell out of the branches, right on his head.
"Grover!"
I yelled.
"Woof!"
Mrs. O'Leary looked up, probably wondering if we were going to play fetch with the satyr.
"Blah-haa-haa!"
Grover bleated.
"You okay, man?"
"Oh, I'm fine."
He rubbed his head.
His horns had grown so much they poked an inch above his curly
hair.
"I was at the other end of the park.
The dryads had this great idea of passing me through the trees to
get me here.
They don't understand height very well.
"
He grinned and got to his feet—well, his hooves, actually.
Since last summer, Grover had stopped
trying to disguise himself as human.
He never wore a cap or fake feet anymore.
He didn't even wear
jeans, since he had furry goat legs from the waist down.
His T-shirt had a picture from that book Where
the Wild Things Are.
It was covered with dirt and tree sap.
His goatee looked fuller, almost manly (or

goatly?), and he was as tall as me now.
"Good to see you, G-man," I said.
"You remember Nico."
Grover nodded at Nico, then he gave me a big hug.
He smelled like fresh-mown lawns.
"Perrrrcy!"
he bleated.
"I missed you!
I miss camp.
They don't serve very good enchiladas in the
wilderness.
"
"I was worried," I said.
"Where've you been the last two months?"
"The last two—" Grover's smile faded.
"The last two months?
What are you talking about?"
"We haven't heard from you," I said.
"Juniper's worried.
We sent Iris-messages, but—"
"Hold on."
He looked up at the stars like he was trying to calculate his position.
"What month is
this?"
"August.
"
The color drained from his face.
"That's impossible.
It's June.
I just lay down to take a nap and . . .
"
He grabbed my arms.
"I remember now!
He knocked me out.
Percy, we have to stop him!"
"Whoa," I said.
"Slow down.
Tell me what happened.
"
He took a deep breath.
"I was . . .
I was walking in the woods up by Harlem Meer.
And I felt this
tremble in the ground, like something powerful was near.
"
"You can sense stuff like that?"
Nico asked.
Grover nodded.
"Since Pan's death, I can feel when something is wrong in nature.
It's like my ears
and eyes are sharper when I'm in the Wild.
Anyway, I started following the scent.
This man in a long
black coat was walking through the park, and I noticed he didn't cast a shadow.
Middle of a sunny day,
and he cast no shadow.
He kind of shimmered as he moved."
"Like a mirage?"
Nico asked.
"Yes," Grover said.
"And whenever he passed humans—"
"The humans would pass out," Nico said.
"Curl up and go to sleep.
"
"That's right!
Then after he was gone, they'd get up and go about their business like nothing
happened.
"
I stared at Nico.
"You know this guy in black?"
"Afraid so," Nico said.
"Grover, what happened?"
"I followed the guy.
He kept looking up at the buildings around the park like he was making
estimates or something.
This lady jogger ran by, and she curled up on the sidewalk and started snoring.
The guy in black put his hand on her forehead like he was checking her temperature.
Then he kept
walking.
By this time, I knew he was a monster or something even worse.
I followed him into this grove,
to the base of a big elm tree.
I was about to summon some dryads to help me capture him when he turned
and . . .
"
Grover swallowed.
"Percy, his face.
I couldn't make out his face because it kept shifting.
Just looking
at him made me sleepy.
I said, 'What are you doing?'
He said, 'Just having a look around.
You should
always scout a battlefield before the battle.'
I said something really smart like, 'This forest is under my

protection.
You won't start any battles here!'
And he laughed.
He said, 'You're lucky I'm saving my
energy for the main event, little satyr.
I'll just grant you a short nap.
Pleasant dreams.'
And that's the last
thing I remember.
"
Nico exhaled.
"Grover, you met Morpheus, the God of Dreams.
You're lucky you ever woke up."
"Two months," Grover moaned.
"He put me to sleep for two months!"
I tried to wrap my mind around what this meant.
Now it made sense why we hadn't been able to
contact Grover all this time.
"Why didn't the nymphs try to wake you?"
I asked.
Grover shrugged.
"Most nymphs aren't good with time.
Two months for a tree—that's nothing.
They
probably didn't think anything was wrong.
"
"We've got to figure out what Morpheus was doing in the park," I said.
"I don't like this 'main event'
thing he mentioned."
"He's working for Kronos," Nico said.
"We know that already.
A lot of the minor gods are.
This just
proves there's going to be an invasion.
Percy, we have to get on with our plan."
"Wait," Grover said.
"What plan?"
We told him, and Grover started tugging at his leg fur.
"You're not serious," he said.
"Not the Underworld again."
"I'm not asking you to come, man," I promised.
"I know you just woke up.
But we need some music
to open the door.
Can you do it?"
Grover took out his reed pipes.
"I guess I could try.
I know a few Nirvana tunes that can split rocks.
But, Percy, are you sure you want to do this?"
"Please, man," I said.
"It would mean a lot.
For old times' sake?"
He whimpered.
"As I recall, in the old times we almost died a lot.
But okay, here goes nothing.
"
He put his pipes to his lips and played a shrill, lively tune.
The boulders trembled.
A few more
stanzas, and they cracked open, revealing a triangular crevice.
I peered inside.
Steps led down into the darkness.
The air smelled of mildew and death.
It brought
back bad memories of my trip through the Labyrinth last year, but this tunnel felt even more dangerous.
It
led straight to the land of Hades, and that was almost always a one-way trip.
I turned to Grover.
"Thanks . . .
I think."
"Perrrrcy, is Kronos really going to invade?"
"I wish I could tell you better, but
yeah.
He will."
I thought Grover might chew up his reed pipes in anxiety, but he straightened up and brushed off his
T-shirt.
I couldn't help thinking how different he looked from fat old Leneus.
"I've got to rally the nature
spirits, then.
Maybe we can help.
I'll see if we can find this Morpheus.'
"
"Better tell Juniper you're okay, too."
His eyes widened.
"Juniper!
Oh, she's going to kill me!"
He started to run off, then scrambled back and gave me another hug.
"Be careful down there!
Come
back alive!"
Once he was gone, Nico and I roused Mrs. O'Leary from her nap.
When she smelled the tunnel, she got excited and led the way down the steps.
It was a pretty tight fit.
I hoped she wouldn't get stuck.
I couldn't imagine how much
Drano we'd need to un-stick a hellhound
wedged halfway down a tunnel to the Underworld.
"Ready?"
Nico asked me.
"It'll be fine.
Don't worry.
"
He sounded like he was trying to convince himself.
I glanced up at the stars, wondering if I would ever see them again.
Then we plunged into darkness.
The stairs went on forever—narrow, steep, and slippery.
It was completely dark except for the light of my
sword.
I tried to go slow, but Mrs. O'Leary had other ideas.
She bounded ahead, barking happily.
The
sound echoed through the tunnel like cannon shots, and I figured we would not be catching anybody by
surprise once we reached the bottom.
Nico lagged behind, which I thought was strange.
"You okay?"
I asked him.
"Fine."
What was that expression on his face . . .
doubt?
"Just keep moving," he said.
I didn't have much choice.
I followed Mrs. O'Leary into the depths.
After another hour, I started to
hear the roar of a river.
We emerged at the base of a cliff, on a plain of black volcanic sand.
To our right, the River Styx
gushed from the rocks and roared off in a cascade of rapids.
To our left, far away in the gloom, fires
burned on the ramparts of Erebos, the great black walls of Hades's kingdom.
I shuddered.
I'd first been here when I was twelve, and only Annabeth and Grover's company had
given me the courage to keep going.
Nico wasn't going to be quite as helpful with the "courage" thing.
He
looked pale and worried himself.
Only Mrs. O'Leary acted happy.
She ran along the beach, picked up a random human leg bone, and
romped back toward me.
She dropped the bone at my feet and waited for me to throw it.
"Um, maybe later, girl."
I stared at the dark waters, trying to get up my nerve.
"So, Nico . . .
how do
we do this?"
"We have to go inside the gates first," he said.
"But the river's right here."
"I have to get something," he said.
"It's the only way.
"
He marched off without waiting.
I frowned.
Nico hadn't mentioned anything about going inside the gates.
But now that we were here, I
didn't know what else to do.
Reluctantly, I followed him down the beach toward the big black gates.
Lines of the dead stood outside waiting to get in.
It must've been a heavy day for funerals, because
even the EZ-DEATH line was backed up.
"Woof!"
Mrs. O'Leary said.
Before I could stop her she bounded toward the security checkpoint.
Cerberus, the guard dog of Hades, appeared out of the gloom—a three-headed rottweiler so big he made
Mrs. O'Leary look like a toy poodle.
Cerberus was half transparent, so he's really hard to see until he's
close enough to kill you, but he acted like he didn't care about us.
He was too busy saying hello to Mrs.
O'Leary.
"Mrs. O'Leary, no!"
I shouted at her.
"Don't sniff . . .
Oh, man.
"
Nico smiled.
Then he looked at me and his expression turned all serious again, like he'd remembered
something unpleasant.
"Come on.
They won't give us any trouble in the line.
You're with me.
"
I didn't like it, but we slipped through the security ghouls and into the Fields of Asphodel.
I had to
whistle for Mrs. O'Leary three times before she left Cerberus alone and ran after us.
We hiked over black fields of grass dotted with black poplar trees.
If I really died in a few days like
the prophecy said, I might end up here forever, but I tried not to think about that.
Nico trudged ahead, bringing us closer and closer to the palace of Hades.
"Hey," I said, "we're inside the gates already.
Where are we—"
Mrs. O'Leary growled.
A shadow appeared overhead—something dark, cold, and stinking of death.
It
swooped down and landed in the top of a poplar tree.
Unfortunately, I recognized her.
She had a shriveled face, a horrible blue knit hat, and a crumpled
velvet dress.
Leathery bat wings sprang from her back.
Her feet had sharp talons, and in her brass-clawed
hands she held a flaming whip and a paisley handbag.
"Mrs. Dodds," I said.
She bared her fangs.
"Welcome back, honey.
"
Her two sisters—the other Furies—swooped down and settled next to her in the branches of the
poplar.
"You know Alecto?"
Nico asked me.
"If you mean the hag in the middle, yeah," I said.
"She was my math teacher.
"
Nico nodded, like this didn't surprise him.
He looked up at the Furies and took a deep breath.
"I've
done what my father asked.
Take us to the palace.
"
I tensed.
"Wait a second, Nico.
What do you—"
"I'm afraid this is my new lead, Percy.
My father promised me information about my family, but he
wants to see you before we try the river.
I'm sorry.
"
"You tricked me?"
I was so mad I couldn't think.
I lunged at him, but the Furies were fast.
Two of
them swooped down and plucked me up by the arms.
My sword fell out of my hand, and before I knew it,
I was dangling sixty feet in the air.
"Oh, don't struggle, honey," my old math teacher cackled in my ear.
"I'd hate to drop you.
"
Mrs. O'Leary barked angrily and jumped, trying to reach me, but we were too high.
"Tell Mrs. O'Leary to behave," Nico warned.
He was hovering near me in the clutches of the third
Fury.
"I don't want her to get hurt, Percy.
My father is waiting.
He just wants to talk.
"

I wanted to tell Mrs. O'Leary to attack Nico, but it wouldn't have done any good, and Nico was right
about one thing: my dog could get hurt if she tried to pick a fight with the Furies.
I gritted my teeth.
"Mrs. O'Leary, down!
It's okay, girl.
"
She whimpered and turned in circles, looking up at me.
"All right, traitor," I growled at Nico.
"You've got your prize.
Take me to the stupid palace.
"
Alecto dropped me like a sack of turnips in the middle of the palace garden.
It was beautiful in a creepy way.
Skeletal white trees grew from marble basins.
Flower beds
overflowed with golden plants and gemstones.
A pair of thrones, one bone and one silver, sat on the
balcony with a view of the Fields of Asphodel.
It would've been a nice place to spend a Saturday morning
except for the sulfurous smell and the cries of tortured souls in the distance.
Skeletal warriors guarded the only exit.
They wore tattered U.S. Army desert combat fatigues and
carried M16s.
The third Fury deposited Nico next to me.
Then all three of them settled on the top of the skeletal
throne.
I resisted the urge to strangle Nico.
They'd only stop me.
I'd have to wait for my revenge.
I stared at the empty thrones, waiting for something to happen.
Then the air shimmered.
Three figures
appeared—Hades and Persephone on their thrones, and an older woman standing between them.
They
seemed to be in the middle of an argument.
"—told you he was a bum!"
the older woman said.
"Mother!"
Persephone replied.
"We have visitors!"
Hades barked.
"Please!"
Hades, one of my least favorite gods, smoothed his black robes, which were covered with the terrified
faces of the damned.
He had pale skin and the intense eyes of a madman.
"Percy Jackson," he said with satisfaction.
"At last."
Queen Persephone studied me curiously.
I'd seen her once before in the winter, but now in the
summer she looked like a totally different goddess.
She had lustrous black hair and warm brown eyes.
Her dress shimmered with colors.
Flower patterns in the fabric changed and bloomed—roses, tulips,
honeysuckle.
The woman standing between them was obviously Persephone's mother.
She had the same hair and
eyes, but looked older and sterner.
Her dress was golden, the color of a wheat field.
Her hair was woven
with dried grasses so it reminded me of a wicker basket.
I figured if somebody lit a match next to her,
she'd be in serious trouble.
"Hmmph," the older woman said.
"Demigods.
Just what we need.
"
Next to me, Nico knelt.
I wished I had my sword so I could cut his stupid head off.
Unfortunately,
Riptide was still out in the fields somewhere.
"Father," Nico said.
"I have done as you asked."
"Took you long enough," Hades grumbled.
"Your sister would've done a better job."
Nico lowered his head.
If I hadn't been so mad at the little creep, I might've felt sorry for him.
I glared up at the god of the dead.
"What do you want, Hades?"
"To talk, of course."
The god twisted his mouth in a cruel smile.
"Didn't Nico tell you?"
"So this whole quest was a lie.
Nico brought me down here to get me killed."
"Oh, no," Hades said.
"I'm afraid Nico was quite sincere about wanting to help you.
The boy is as
honest as he is dense.
I simply convinced him to take a small detour and bring you here first."
"Father," Nico said, "you promised that Percy would not be harmed.
You said if I brought him, you
would tell me about my past—about my mother.
"
Queen Persephone sighed dramatically.
"Can we please not talk about that woman in my presence?"
"I'm sorry, my dove," Hades said.
"I had to promise the boy something.
"
The older lady harrumphed.
"I warned you, daughter.
This scoundrel Hades is no good.
You could've
married the god of doctors or the god of lawyers, but noooo.
You had to eat the pomegranate."
"Mother—"
"And get stuck in the Underworld!"
"Mother, please—"
"And here it is August, and do you come home like you're supposed to?
Do you ever think about your
poor lonely mother?"
"DEMETER!"
Hades shouted.
"That is enough.
You are a guest in my house.
"
"Oh, a house is it?"
she said.
"You call this dump a house?
Make my daughter live in this dark,
damp—"
"I told you," Hades said, grinding his teeth, "there's a war in the world above.
You and Persephone
are better off here with me."
"Excuse me," I broke in.
"But if you're going to kill me, could you just get on with it?"
All three gods looked at me.
"Well, this one has an attitude," Demeter observed.
"Indeed," Hades agreed.
"I'd love to kill him.
"
"Father!"
Nico said.
"You promised!"
"Husband, we talked about this," Persephone chided.
"You can't go around incinerating every hero.
Besides, he's brave.
I like that.
"
Hades rolled his eyes.
"You liked that Orpheus fellow too.
Look how well that turned out.
Let me kill
him, just a little bit."
"Father, you promised!"
Nico said.
"You said you only wanted to talk to him.
You said if I brought
him, you'd explain.
"
Hades glowered, smoothing the folds of his robes.
"And so I shall.
Your mother—what can I tell you?
She was a wonderful woman."
He glanced uncomfortably at Persephone.
"Forgive me, my dear.
I mean
for a mortal, of course.
Her name was Maria di Angelo.
She was from Venice, but her father was a

diplomat in Washington, D.C.
That's where I met her.
When you and your sister were young, it was a bad
time to be children of Hades.
World War II was brewing.
A few of my, ah, other children were leading
the losing side.
I thought it best to put you two out of harm's way."
"That's why you hid us in the Lotus Casino?"
Hades shrugged.
"You didn't age.
You didn't realize time was passing.
I waited for the right time to
bring you out.
"
"But what happened to our mother?
Why don't I remember her?"
"Not important," Hades snapped.
"What?
Of course it's important.
And you had other children—why were we the only ones who were
sent away?
And who was the lawyer who got us out?"
Hades grit his teeth.
"You would do well to listen more and talk less, boy.
As for the lawyer . . .
"
Hades snapped his fingers.
On top of his throne, the Fury Alecto began to change until she was a
middle-aged man in a pinstriped suit with a briefcase.
She—he—looked strange crouching at Hades's
shoulder.
"You!"
Nico said.
The Fury cackled.
"I do lawyers and teachers very well!"
Nico was trembling.
"But why did you free us from the casino?"
"You know why," Hades said.
"This idiot son of Poseidon cannot be allowed to be the child of the
prophecy.
"
I plucked a ruby off the nearest plant and threw it at Hades.
It sank harmlessly into his robe.
"You
should be helping Olympus!"
I said.
"All the other gods are fighting Typhon, and you're just sitting
here—"
"Waiting things out," Hades finished.
"Yes, that's correct.
When's the last time Olympus ever helped
me, half-blood?
When's the last time a child of mine was ever welcomed as a hero?
Bah!
Why should I
rush out and help them?
I'll stay here with my forces intact.
"
"And when Kronos comes after you?"
"Let him try.
He'll be weakened.
And my son here, Nico—" Hades looked at him with distaste.
"Well,
he's not much now, I'll grant you.
It would've been better if Bianca had lived.
But give him four more
years of training.
We can hold out that long, surely.
Nico will turn sixteen, as the prophecy says, and then
he will make the decision that will save the world.
And I will be king of the gods."
"You're crazy," I said.
"Kronos will crush you, right after he finishes pulverizing Olympus.
"
Hades spread his hands.
"Well, you'll get a chance to find out, half-blood.
Because you'll be waiting
out this war in my dungeons."
"No!"
Nico said.
"Father, that wasn't our agreement.
And you haven't told me everything!"
"I've told you all you need to know," Hades said.
"As for our agreement, I spoke with Jackson.
I did
not harm him.
You got your information.
If you had wanted a better deal, you should've made me swear
on the Styx.
Now, go to your room!"
He waved his hand, and Nico vanished.
"That boy needs to eat more," Demeter grumbled.
"He's too skinny.
He needs more cereal.
"
Persephone rolled her eyes.
"Mother, enough with the cereal.
My lord Hades, are you sure we can't let
this little hero go?
He's awfully brave.
"
"No, my dear.
I've spared his life.
That's enough.
"
I was sure she was going to stand up for me.
The brave, beautiful Persephone was going to get me
out of this.
She shrugged indifferently.
"Fine.
What's for breakfast?
I'm starving.
"
"Cereal," Demeter said.
"Mother!"
The two women disappeared in a swirl of flowers and wheat.
"Don't feel too bad, Percy Jackson," Hades said.
"My ghosts keep me well informed of Kronos's
plans.
I can assure you that you had no chance to stop him in time.
By tonight, it will be too late for your
precious Mount Olympus.
The trap will be sprung.
"
"What trap?" I demanded.
"If you know about it, do something!
At least let me tell the other gods!"
Hades smiled.
"You are spirited.
I'll give you credit for that.
Have fun in my dungeon.
We'll check on
you again in—oh, fifty or sixty years.
"

EIGHT
I TAKE THE WORST
BATH EVER
My sword reappeared in my pocket.
Yeah, great timing.
Now I could attack the walls all I wanted.
My cell had no bars, no windows, not
even a door.
The skeletal guards shoved me straight through a wall, and it became solid behind me.
I
wasn't sure if the room was airtight.
Probably.
Hades's dungeon was meant for dead people, and they don't
breathe.
So forget fifty or sixty years.
I'd be dead in fifty or sixty minutes.
Meanwhile, if Hades wasn't
lying, some big trap was going to be sprung in New York by the end of the day, and there was absolutely
nothing I could do about it.
I sat on the cold stone floor, feeling miserable.
I don't remember dozing off.
Then again, it must've been about seven in the morning, mortal time, and
I'd been through a lot.
I dreamed I was on the porch of Rachel's beach house in St. Thomas.
The sun was rising over the
Caribbean.
Dozens of wooded islands dotted the sea, and white sails cut across the water.
The smell of
salt air made me wonder if I would ever see the ocean again.
Rachel's parents sat at the patio table while a personal chef fixed them omelets.
Mr. Dare was dressed
in a white linen suit.
He was reading The Wall Street Journal.
The lady across the table was probably
Mrs. Dare, though all I could see of her were hot pink fingernails and the cover of Condé Nast Traveler.
Why she'd be reading about vacations while she was on vacation, I wasn't sure.
Rachel stood at the porch railing and sighed.
She wore Bermuda shorts and her van Gogh T-shirt.
(Yeah, Rachel was trying to teach me about art, but don't get too impressed.
I only remembered the dude's
name because he cut his ear off.)
I wondered if she was thinking about me, and how much it sucked that I wasn't with them on
vacation.
I know that's what I was thinking.
Then the scene changed.
I was in St. Louis, standing downtown under the Arch.
I'd been there before.
In fact, I'd almost fallen to my death there before.
Over the city, a thunderstorm boiled—a wall of absolute black with lightning streaking across the sky.
A few blocks away, swarms of emergency vehicles gathered with their lights flashing.
A column of dust
rose from a mound of rubble, which I realized was a collapsed skyscraper.
A nearby reporter was yelling into her microphone: "Officials are describing this as a structural
failure, Dan, though no one seems to know if it is related to the storm conditions.
"
Wind whipped her hair.
The temperature was dropping rapidly, like ten degrees just since I'd been
standing there.
"Thankfully, the building had been abandoned for demolition," she said.
"But police have evacuated
all nearby buildings for fear the collapse might trigger—"
She faltered as a mighty groan cut through the sky.
A blast of lightning hit the center of the darkness.
The entire city shook.
The air glowed, and every hair on my body stood up.
Grover said.
I wasn't sure where that came from, but it didn't seem to help much.
I was losing the fight.
The pain was too much.
My hands and feet were melting into the water, my
soul was being ripped from my body.
I couldn't remember who I was.
The pain of Kronos's scythe had
been nothing compared to this.
The cord, a familiar voice said.
Remember your lifeline, dummy!
Suddenly there was a tug in my lower back.
The current pulled at me, but it wasn't carrying me away
anymore.
I imagined the string in my back keeping me tied to the shore.
"Hold on, Seaweed Brain."
I was seeing a scene from back
in the days when they were on the run, before Grover found them.
I remembered Grover's story about meeting the god Morpheus in Central Park.
You're lucky I'm saving my
energy for the main event.
"Not dead," I said.
"Morpheus has put the entire island of Manhattan to sleep.
The invasion has
started.
"

TEN
I BUY SOME NEW
FRIENDS
Mrs. O'Leary was the only one happy about the sleeping city.
We found her pigging out at an overturned hot dog stand while the owner was curled up on the
sidewalk, sucking his thumb.
Argus was waiting for us with his hundred eyes wide open.
He didn't say anything.
He never does.
I
guess that's because he supposedly has an eyeball on his tongue.
But his face made it clear he was
freaking out.
I told him what we'd learned in Olympus, and how the gods would not be riding to the rescue.
Argus
rolled his eyes in disgust, which looked pretty psychedelic since it made his whole body swirl.
"You'd better get back to camp," I told him.
"Guard it as best you can.
"
He pointed at me and raised his eyebrow quizzically.
"I'm staying," I said.
Argus nodded, like this answer satisfied him.
"You remember Grover?
The satyr we met in the park?"
"WOOF!"
I hoped that meant Sure I do!
And not, Do you have more hot dogs?
"I need you to find him," I said.
"Make sure he's still awake.
We're going to need his help.
You got
that?
Find Grover!
"
Mrs. O'Leary gave me a sloppy wet kiss, which seemed kind of unnecessary.
Then she raced off
north.
Pollux crouched next to a sleeping policeman.
"I don't get it.
Why didn't we fall asleep too?
Why just
the mortals?"
"This is a huge spell," Silena Beauregard said.
"The bigger the spell, the easier it is to resist.
If you
want to sleep millions of mortals, you've got to cast a very thin layer of magic.
Sleeping demigods is
much harder.
"
I stared at her.
"When did you learn so much about magic?"
Silena blushed.
"Mrs. O'Leary just came back with Grover.
I think you should talk to
him.
"

Grover was having a snack in the living room.
He was dressed for battle in an armored shirt made from
tree bark and twist ties, with his wooden cudgel and his reed pipes hanging from his belt.
The Demeter cabin had whipped up a whole buffet in the hotel kitchens—everything from pizza to
pineapple ice cream.
Unfortunately, Grover was eating the furniture.
He'd already chewed the stuffing off
a fancy chair and was now gnawing the armrest.
"Dude," I said, "we're only borrowing this place."
"Blah-ha-ha!"
He had stuffing all over his face.
"Sorry, Percy.
It's just . . .
Louis the Sixteenth
furniture.
Delicious.
Plus I always eat furniture when I get—"
"When you get nervous," I said.
"Yeah, I know.
So what's up?"
He clopped on his hooves.
As Grover talked, Thalia entered the room with two of her lieutenants.
She listened while Grover completed his report—
the details getting worse and worse.
"We lost twenty satyrs against some giants at Fort Washington," he said, his voice trembling.
"Almost
half my kinsmen.
River spirits drowned the giants in the end, but . . .
"
Thalia shouldered her bow.
"Percy, Kronos's forces are still gathering at every bridge and tunnel.
And
Kronos isn't the only Titan.
One of my Hunters spotted a huge man in golden armor mustering an army on
the Jersey shore.
I'm not sure who he is, but he radiates power like only a Titan or god."
I remembered the golden Titan from my dream—the one on Mount Othrys who erupted into flames.
"Great," I said.
"Any good news?"
Thalia shrugged.
"We've sealed off the subway tunnels into Manhattan.
My best trappers took care of
it.
Also, it seems like the enemy is waiting for tonight to attack.
I think Luke"—she caught herself—"I
mean Kronos needs time to regenerate after each fight.
He's still not comfortable with his new form.
It's
taking a lot of his power to slow time around the city.
"
Grover nodded.
"Most of his forces are more powerful at night, too.
But they'll be back after
sundown.
"
I tried to think clearly.
"Okay.
Any word from the gods?"
Thalia shook her head.
"I know Lady Artemis would be here if she could.
Athena, too.
By the time Grover found us and tried to get us to
camp . . .
Behind Leneus's back, Grover made gagging motions, but the old satyr grinned like he was the savior
of the day.
"Never fear!
We'll show those Titans!"
I didn't know whether to laugh or be angry, but I managed to keep a straight face.
"Um . . .
yeah.
Well, Grover, you won't be alone.
Annabeth and the Athena cabin will make their stand here.
And me,
and . . .
Thalia?"
She patted me on the shoulder.
"Say no more.
The Hunters are ready.
"
I looked at the other counselors.
"That leaves the rest of you with a job just as important.
You have to
guard the other entrances to Manhattan.
You know how tricky Kronos is.
He'll hope to distract us with
this big army and sneak another force in somewhere else.
It's up to you to make sure that doesn't happen.
Has each cabin chosen a bridge or tunnel?
"
The counselors nodded grimly.
"Then let's do it," I said.
"Good hunting, everybody!"

We heard the army before we saw it.
The noise was like a cannon barrage combined with a football stadium crowd—like every Patriots fan
in New England was charging us with bazookas.
At the north end of the reservoir, the enemy vanguard broke through the woods—a warrior in golden

armor leading a battalion of Laistrygonian giants with huge bronze axes.
Hundreds of other monsters
poured out behind them.
"Positions!"
Annabeth yelled.
Her cabinmates scrambled.
The idea was to make the enemy army break around the reservoir.
To get
to us, they'd have to follow the trails, which meant they'd be marching in narrow columns on either side
of the water.
At first, the plan seemed to work.
The enemy divided and streamed toward us along the shore.
When
they were halfway across, our defenses kicked in.
The jogging trail erupted in Greek fire, incinerating
many of the monsters instantly.
Others flailed around, engulfed in green flames.
Athena campers threw
grappling hooks around the largest giants and pulled them to the ground.
In the woods on the right, the Hunters sent a volley of silver arrows into the enemy line, destroying
twenty or thirty dracaenae, but more marched behind them.
On the left flank, Grover and his nature spirits were regrouping, entangling the enemies with bushes and
weeds.
"Enough games," Hyperion told me.
"We fight on land.
"
I was about to make some clever comment, like "No," when the Titan yelled.
A wall of force
slammed me through the air—just like the trick Kronos had pulled on the bridge.
I sailed backward about
three hundred yards and smashed into the ground.
If it hadn't been for my new invulnerability, I would've
broken every bone in my body.
I got to my feet, groaning.
"I really hate it when you Titans do that.
"
Hyperion closed on me with blinding speed.
I concentrated on the water, drawing strength from it.
Hyperion attacked.
He was powerful and fast, but he couldn't seem to land a blow.
The ground around
his feet kept erupting in flames, but I kept dousing it just as quickly.
"Stop it!"
the Titan roared.
"Stop that wind!"
I wasn't sure what he meant.
I was too busy fighting.
Hyperion stumbled like he was being pushed away.
Water sprayed his face, stinging his eyes.
The

wind picked up, and Hyperion staggered backward.
"Percy!"
Grover called in amazement.
"How are you doing that?"
Doing what?
I thought.
Then I looked down, and I realized I was standing in the middle of my own personal hurricane.
Clouds of water vapor swirled around me, winds so powerful they buffeted Hyperion and flattened the
grass in a twenty-yard radius.
Enemy warriors threw javelins at me, but the storm knocked them aside.
"Sweet," I muttered.
"But a little more!"
Lightning flickered around me.
The clouds darkened and the rain swirled faster.
I closed in on
Hyperion and blew him off his feet.
"Percy!"
Grover called again.
"Bring him over here!"
I slashed and jabbed, letting my reflexes take over, Hyperion could barely defend himself.
His eyes
kept trying to ignite, but the hurricane quenched his flames.
I couldn't keep up a storm like this forever, though.
I could feel my powers weakening.
With one last
effort, I propelled Hyperion across the field, straight to where Grover was waiting.
"I will not be toyed with!"
Hyperion bellowed.
He managed to get to his feet again, but Grover put his reed pipes to his lips and began to play.
Leneus joined him.
Around the grove, every satyr took up the song—an eerie melody, like a creek
flowing over stones.
The ground erupted at Hyperion's feet.
Gnarled roots wrapped around his legs.
"What's this?"
he protested.
He tried to shake off the roots, but he was still weak.
The roots thickened
until he looked like he was wearing wooden boots.
"Stop this!"
he shouted.
"Your woodland magic is no match for a Titan!"
But the more he struggled, the faster the roots grew.
They curled about his body, thickening and
hardening into bark.
His golden armor melted into the wood, becoming part of a large trunk.
The music continued.
Hyperion's forces backed up in astonishment as their leader was absorbed.
He
stretched out his arms and they became branches, from which smaller branches shot out and grew leaves.
The tree grew taller and thicker, until only the Titan's face was visible in the middle of the trunk.
"You cannot imprison me!"
he bellowed.
"I am Hyperion!
I am—"
The bark closed over his face.
Grover took his pipes from his mouth.
"You are a very nice maple tree.
"
Several of the other satyrs passed out from exhaustion, but they'd done their job well.
The Titan lord
was completely encased in an enormous maple.
The trunk was at least twenty feet in diameter, with
branches as tall as any in the park.
The tree might've stood there for centuries.
The Titan's army started to retreat.
A cheer went up from the Athena cabin, but our victory was short-

lived.
Because just then Kronos unleashed his surprise.
"REEEEET!"
The squeal echoed through upper Manhattan.
Demigods and monsters alike froze in terror.
Grover shot me a panicked look.
"Why does that sound like . . .
It can't be!"
I knew what he was thinking.
Two years ago we'd gotten a "gift" from Pan—a huge boar that carried
us across the Southwest (after it tried to kill us).
The boar had a similar squeal, but what we were hearing
now seemed higher pitched, shriller, almost like . . .
like if the boar had an angry girlfriend.
"REEEEEET!"
A huge pink creature soared over the reservoir—a Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade
nightmare blimp with wings.
"A sow!"
Annabeth cried.
"Take cover!"
The demigods scattered as the winged lady pig swooped down.
Every time
the sow belched, Grover's nature spirits yelped and faded back into their trees.
"That pig has to go."
"But, Percy," Grover said, "what if we can't?"
I saw how tired he was.
The magic had really drained him.
Annabeth didn't look much better from
fighting with a bad shoulder wound.
I didn't know how the Hunters were doing, but the right flank of the
enemy army was now between them and us.
I didn't want to leave my friends in such bad shape, but that sow was the biggest threat.
It would
destroy everything: buildings, trees, sleeping mortals.
It had to be stopped.
"Retreat if you need to," I said.
"Just slow them down.
I'll be back as soon as I can.
"
Before I could change my mind, I swung the grappling hook like a lasso.
When the sow came down
for its next pass, I threw with all my strength.
The hook wrapped around the base of the pig's wing.
It
squealed in rage and veered off, yanking the rope and me into the sky.
If you're heading downtown from Central Park, my advice is to take the subway.
Flying pigs are faster,
but way more dangerous.
The sow soared past the Plaza Hotel, straight into the canyon of Fifth Avenue.
My brilliant plan was
to climb the rope and get on the pig's back.
Unfortunately I was too busy swinging around dodging
streetlamps and the sides of buildings.
Another thing I learned: it's one thing to climb a rope in gym class.
It's a completely different thing to
climb a rope attached to a moving pig's wing while you're flying at a hundred miles an hour.
We zigzagged along several blocks and continued south on Park Avenue.
Boss!
Hey, boss!
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Blackjack speeding along next to us, darting back
and forth to avoid the pig's wings.
"Watch out!"
I told him.
Hop on!
Blackjack whinnied.
I can catch you . . .
probably.
That wasn't very reassuring.
Grand Central lay dead ahead.
Above the main entrance stood the giant
statue of Hermes, which I guess hadn't been activated because it was so high up.
I was flying right toward
him at the speed of demigod-smashing.
"Stay alert!"
I told Blackjack.
"I've got an idea."
Oh, I hate your ideas.
I swung outward with all my might.
Instead of smashing into the Hermes statue, I whipped around it,
circling the rope under its arms.
I thought this would tether the pig, but I'd underestimated the momentum
of a thirty-ton sow in flight.
Just as the pig wrenched the statue loose from its pedestal, I let go.
Hermes
went for a ride, taking my place as the pig's passenger, and I free-fell toward the street.
In that split second I thought about the days when my mom used to work at the Grand Central candy
shop.
I thought how bad it would be if I ended up as a grease spot on the pavement.
Then a shadow swooped under me, and thump—I was on Blackjack's back.
It wasn't the most
comfortable landing.
In fact, when I yelled "OW!"
my voice was an octave higher than usual.
Sorry, boss, Blackjack murmured.
"No problem," I squeaked.
"Follow that pig!"
The porker had taken a right at East 42nd and was flying back toward Fifth Avenue.
When it flew
above the rooftops, I could see fires here and there around the city.
It looked like my friends were having

a rough time.
Kronos was attacking on several fronts.
But at the moment, I had

my own problems.
The Hermes statue was still on its leash.
It kept bonking into buildings and spinning around.
The pig
swooped over an office building, and Hermes plowed into a water tower on the roof, blasting water and
wood everywhere.
Then something occurred to me.
"Get closer," I told Blackjack.
He whinnied in protest.
"Just within shouting distance," I said.
"I need to talk to the statue.
"
Now I'm sure you've lost it, boss, Blackjack said, but he did what I asked.
When I was close enough to
see the statue's face clearly, I yelled, "Hello, Hermes!
Command sequence: Daedalus Twenty-three.
Kill
Flying Pigs!
Begin Activation!"
Immediately the statue moved its legs.
It seemed confused to find that it was no longer on top of
Grand Central Terminal.
It was, instead, being given a sky-ride on the end of a rope by a large winged
sow.
It smashed through the side of a brick building, which I think made it a little mad.
It shook its head
and began to climb the rope.
I glanced down at the street.
We were coming up on the main public library, with the big marble lions
flanking the steps.
Suddenly I had a weird thought: Could stone statues be automatons too?
It seemed like
a long shot, but . . .
"Faster!"
I told Blackjack.
"Get in front of the pig, Taunt him!"
Um, boss—
"Trust me," I said.
"I can do this . . .
probably."
Oh, sure.
Mock the horse.
Blackjack burst through the air.
He could fly pretty darned fast when he wanted to.
He got in front of
the pig, which now had a metal Hermes on its back.
Blackjack whinnied, You smell like ham!
He kicked the pig in the snout with his back hooves and
went into a steep dive.
The pig screamed in rage and followed.
We barreled straight for the front steps of the library.
Blackjack slowed down just enough for me to
hop off, then he kept flying toward the main doors.
I yelled out, "Lions!
Command sequence: Daedalus Twenty-three.
Kill Flying Pigs!
Begin
Activation!"
The lions stood up and looked at me.
They probably thought I was teasing them.
But just then:
"REEEEEET!"
The massive pink pork monster landed with a thud, cracking the sidewalk.
The lions stared at it, not
believing their luck, and pounced.
At the same time, a very beat-up Hermes statue leaped onto the pig's

head and started banging it mercilessly with a caduceus.
Those lions had some nasty claws.
I drew Riptide, but there wasn't much for me to do.
The pig disintegrated before my eyes.
I almost felt
sorry for it.
I hoped it got to meet the boar of its dreams down in Tartarus.
When the monster had completely turned to dust, the lions and the Hermes statue looked around in
confusion.
"You can defend Manhattan now," I told them, but they didn't seem to hear.
They went charging
down Park Avenue, and I imagined they would keep looking for flying pigs until someone deactivated
them.
Hey, boss, said Blackjack.
Can we take a donut break?
I wiped the sweat off my brow.
"I wish, big guy, but the fight's still going on.
"
In fact, I could hear it getting closer.
My friends needed help.
I jumped on Blackjack, and we flew
north toward the sound of explosions.
FIFTEEN
CHIRON THROWS A
PARTY
Midtown was a war zone.
We flew over little skirmishes everywhere.
A giant was ripping up trees in
Bryant Park while dryads pelted him with nuts.
Outside the Waldorf Astoria, a bronze statue of Benjamin
Franklin was whacking a hellhound with a rolled-up newspaper.
A trio of Hephaestus campers fought a
squad of dracaenae in the middle of Rockefeller Center.
I was tempted to stop and help, but I could tell from the smoke and noise that the real action had
moved farther south.
Our defenses were collapsing.
The enemy was closing in on the Empire State
Building.
We did a quick sweep of the surrounding area.
The Hunters had set up a defensive line on 37th, just
three blocks north of Olympus.
To the east on Park Avenue, Jake Mason and some other Hephaestus
campers were leading an army of statues against the enemy.
To the west, the Demeter cabin and Grover's
nature spirits had turned Sixth Avenue into a jungle that was hampering a squadron of Kronos's
demigods.
The south was clear for now, but the flanks of the enemy army were swinging around.
A few
more minutes
and we'd be totally surrounded.
"We have to land where they need us most," I muttered.
That's everywhere, boss.
I spotted a familiar silver owl banner in the southeast corner of the fight, 33rd at the Park Avenue
tunnel.
Annabeth and two of her siblings were holding back a Hyperborean giant.
"There!"
I told Blackjack.
He plunged toward the battle.
I leaped off his back and landed on the giant's head.
When the giant looked up, I slid off his face,
shield-bashing his nose on the way down.
"RAWWWR!'
The giant staggered backward, blue blood trickling from his nostrils.
I hit the pavement running.
The Hyperborean breathed a cloud of white mist, and the temperature
dropped.
The spot where I'd landed was now coated with ice, and I was covered in frost like a sugar
donut.
"Hey, ugly!"
Annabeth yelled.
I hoped she was talking to the giant, not me.
Blue Boy bellowed and turned toward her, exposing the unprotected back of his legs.
I charged and
stabbed him behind the knee.
"WAAAAH!"
The Hyperborean buckled.
I waited for him to turn, but he froze.
I mean he literally
turned to solid ice.
From the point where I'd stabbed him, cracks appeared in his body.
They got larger
and wider until the giant crumbled in a mountain of blue shards.
"Thanks."
Annabeth winced, trying to catch her breath.
"The pig?"
"Pork chops," I said.
"Good."
She flexed her shoulder.
Obviously, the wound was still bothering her, but she saw my
expression and rolled her eyes.
"I'm fine, Percy.
Come on!
We've got plenty of enemies left.
"

She was right.
The next hour was a blur.
I fought like I'd never fought before—wading into legions of
dracaenae, taking out dozens of telkhines with every strike, destroying empousai and knocking out
enemy demigods.
No matter how many I defeated, more took their place.
At one point Grover was next to me, bonking
snake women over the head with his cudgel.
Then he disappeared in the crowd, and it was Thalia at my
side, driving the monsters back with the power of her magic shield.
Mrs. O'Leary bounded out of
nowhere, picked up a Laistrygonian giant in her mouth, and flung him into the air like a Frisbee.
Annabeth used her invisibility cap to sneak behind the enemy lines.
"A laurel," Grover said in awe.
"Oh, that lucky old goat.
"
He gathered up the sapling in his hands.
"I . . .
I should plant him.
In Olympus, in the gardens.
"
"We're going that way," I said.
"Come on.
"
Easy-listening music played as the elevator rose.
I thought about the first time I'd visited Mount

Olympus, back when I was twelve.
Annabeth and Grover hadn't been with me then.
I was glad they were
with me now.
I had a feeling it might be our last adventure together.
"Percy," Annabeth said quietly.
Annabeth and Grover came back into the throne room and stopped when they saw
us.
I probably had a pretty strange look on my face.
"Percy?"
Annabeth didn't sound angry anymore—just concerned.
"Should we, um, leave again?
"
Suddenly I felt like someone had injected me with steel.
I understood what to do.
I looked at Rachel.
"You're not going to do anything stupid, are you?
I mean . . .
you talked to Chiron,
right?"
She managed a faint smile.
"You're worried about me doing something stupid?"
"But I mean . .
.
will you be okay?"
"I don't know," she admitted.
"That kind of depends on whether you save the world, hero.
"
I picked up Pandora's jar.
The spirit of Hope fluttered inside, trying to warm the cold container.
"Hestia," I said, "I give this to you as an offering.
"
The goddess tilted her head.
"I am the least of the gods.
Why would you trust me with this?"
"You're the last Olympian," I said.
"And the most important."
"And why is that, Percy Jackson?"
"Because Hope survives best at the hearth," I said.
"Guard it for me, and I won't be tempted to give
up again."
The goddess smiled.
She took the jar in her hands and it began to glow.
The hearth fire burned a little
brighter.
"Well done, Percy Jackson," she said.
"May the gods bless you.
"
"We're about to find out."
I looked at Annabeth and Grover.
"Come on, guys.
"
I marched toward my father's throne.
"Percy," Grover said, "the gods really don't appreciate people sitting in their thrones.
I mean like
turn-you-into-a-pile-of-ashes don't appreciate it.
"
"I need to get his attention," I said.
"It's the only way.
"
They exchanged uneasy looks.
Annabeth, Grover, and Thalia were straining too, like
they were just as stuck.
"Chiron!"
The second giant breathed frost at
Annabeth, who was barely able to stand, but Grover pulled her out of the way while Thalia went to work.
She sprinted up the giant's back like a gazelle, sliced her hunting knives across his monstrous blue neck,
and created the world's largest headless ice sculpture.
I glanced outside the magic barrier.
Nico was fighting his way toward my mom and Paul, but they
weren't waiting for help.
Paul grabbed a sword from a fallen hero and did a pretty fine job keeping a
dracaena busy.
He stabbed her in the gut, and she disintegrated.
"Paul?"
I said in amazement.
He turned toward me and grinned.
"I hope that was a monster I just killed.
I was a Shakespearian
actor in college!
Picked up a little swordplay!"

I liked him even better for that, but then a Laistrygonian giant charged toward my mom.
She was
rummaging around in an abandoned police car—maybe looking for the emergency radio—and her back
was turned.
"Mom!"
I yelled.
She whirled when the monster was almost on top of her.
I thought the thing in her hands was an
umbrella until she cranked the pump and the shotgun blast blew the giant twenty feet backward, right into
Nico's sword.
"Nice one," Paul said.
"When did you learn to fire a shotgun?"
I demanded.
My mom blew the hair out of her face.
"About two seconds ago.
Percy, we'll be fine.
Go!"
"Yes," Nico agreed, "we'll handle the army.
You have to get Kronos!"
"Come on, Seaweed Brain!"
Grover said, which was easy for him since he's part mountain goat.
He sprang to the next slab of stone while ours tilted sickeningly.
"Gods, I hate heights!"
Thalia yelled as she and I leaped.
"On our own."
"Blah-ha-ha!" Grover said.
"The connection between Olympus and America is dissolving.
If it fails—
"
"The gods won't move on to another country this time," Thalia said.
"This will be the end of
Olympus.
The final end.
"
We ran through streets.
Mansions were burning.
Statues had been hacked down.
Trees in the parks
were blasted to splinters.
It looked like someone had attacked the city with a giant Weedwacker.
"Kronos's scythe," I said.
We followed the winding path toward the palace of the gods.
I didn't remember the road being so
long.
Maybe Kronos was making time go slower, or maybe it was just dread slowing me down.
The
whole mountaintop was in ruins—so many beautiful buildings and gardens gone.
A few minor gods and nature spirits had tried to stop Kronos.
What remained of them was strewn
about the road: shattered armor, ripped clothing, swords and spears broken in half.
Somewhere ahead of us, Kronos's voice roared: "Brick by brick!
That was my promise.
Tear it down
BRICK BY BRICK!"
A white marble temple with a gold dome suddenly exploded.
The dome shot up like the lid of a teapot
and shattered into a billion pieces, raining rubble over the city.
"That was a shrine to Artemis," Thalia grumbled.
"He'll pay for that.
Grover's music took on a more urgent tune.
He moved toward Annabeth, but he couldn't go any faster
and keep up the song.
Grass grew on the floor of the throne room.
Tiny roots crept up between the cracks
of the marble stones.
Kronos rose to one knee.
His hair smoldered.
His face was covered with electrical burns.
He reached
for his sword, but this time it didn't fly into his hands.
"Nakamura!" he groaned.
"Time to prove yourself.
You know Jackson's secret weakness.
Kill him,
and you will have rewards beyond measure."
Ethan's eyes dropped to my midsection, and I was sure that he knew.
Even if he couldn't kill me
himself, all he had to do was tell Kronos.
There was no way I could defend myself forever.
"Look around you, Ethan," I said.
"The end of the world.
Is this the reward you want?
Do you really
want everything destroyed—the good with the bad?
Everything?"
Grover was almost to Annabeth now.
The grass thickened on the floor.
The roots were almost a foot
long, like a stubble of whiskers.
"There is no throne to Nemesis," Ethan muttered.
"No throne to my mother."
"That's right!"
Kronos tried to get up, but stumbled.
Above his left ear, a patch of blond hair still
smoldered.
"Strike them down!
They deserve to suffer."
"You said your mom is the goddess of balance," I reminded him.
"The minor gods deserve better,
Ethan, but total destruction isn't balance.
Kronos doesn't build.
He only destroys.
"
Ethan looked at the sizzling throne of Hephaestus.
Grover's music kept playing, and Ethan swayed to
it, as if the song were filling him with nostalgia—a wish to see a beautiful day, to be anywhere but here.
His good eye blinked.
Then he charged . . .
but not at me.
While Kronos was still on his knees, Ethan brought down his sword on the Titan lord's neck.
It should
have killed him instantly, but the blade shattered.
Ethan fell back, grasping his stomach.
A shard of his
own blade had ricocheted and pierced his armor.
Kronos rose unsteadily, towering over his servant.
"Treason," he snarled.
Grover's music kept playing, and grass grew around Ethan's body.
Ethan stared at me, his face tight
with pain.
"Deserve better," he gasped.
"If they just . . .
had thrones—"
Kronos stomped his foot, and the floor ruptured around Ethan Nakamura.
The son of Nemesis fell
through a fissure that went straight through the heart of the mountain—straight into open air.
"So much for him."
Kronos picked up his sword.
Grover was at her side now.
He'd stopped playing and was feeding her ambrosia.
Everywhere Kronos stepped, the roots wrapped around his feet, but Grover had stopped his magic too

early.
The roots weren't thick or strong enough to do much more than annoy the Titan.
We fought through the hearth, kicking up coals and sparks.
Kronos slashed an armrest off the throne
of Ares, which was okay by me, but then he backed me up to my dad's throne.
"Oh, yes," Kronos said.
"This one will make fine kindling for my new hearth!"
Our blades clashed in a shower of sparks.
He was stronger than me, but for the moment I felt the
power of the ocean in my arms.
I pushed him back and struck again—slashing Riptide across his
breastplate so hard I cut a gash in the Celestial bronze.
He stamped his foot again and time slowed.
I tried to attack but I was moving at the speed of a
glacier.
Kronos backed up leisurely, catching his breath.
He examined the gash in his armor while I
struggled forward, silently cursing him.
He could take all the time-outs he wanted.
He could freeze me in
place at will.
My only hope was that the effort was draining him.
If I could wear him down . .
.
"It's too late, Percy Jackson," he said.
"Behold."
He pointed to the hearth, and the coals glowed.
A sheet of white smoke poured from the fire, forming
images like an Iris-message.
I saw Nico and my parents down on Fifth Avenue, fighting a hopeless battle,
ringed in enemies.
In the background Hades fought from his black chariot, summoning wave after wave
of zombies out of the ground, but the forces of the Titan's army seemed just as endless.
Meanwhile,
Manhattan was being destroyed.
Mortals, now fully awake, were running in terror.
Cars swerved and
crashed.
The scene shifted, and I saw something even more terrifying.
A column of storm was approaching the Hudson River, moving rapidly over the Jersey shore.
Chariots circled it, locked in combat with the creature in the cloud.
The gods attacked.
Lightning flashed.
Arrows of gold and silver streaked into the cloud like rocket
tracers and exploded.
Slowly, the cloud ripped apart, and I saw Typhon clearly for the first time.
I knew as long as I lived (which might not be that long)
I would never be able to get the image out of
my mind.
Typhon's head shifted constantly.
Every moment he was a different monster, each more
horrible than the last.
Looking at his face would've driven me insane, so I focused on his body, which
wasn't much better.
He was humanoid, but his skin reminded me of a meat loaf sandwich that had been in
someone's locker all year.
He was mottled green, with blisters the size of buildings, and blackened
patches from eons of being stuck under a volcano.
His hands were human, but with talons like an eagle's.
His legs were scaly and reptilian.
"The Olympians are giving their final effort."
Kronos laughed.
"How pathetic.
Annabeth limped over with Grover's support.
They both had tears in their eyes.
"We can get ambrosia," Grover said.
"You were incredible!"
I thought poor Grover would pass out.
He's deathly afraid of Cyclopes.
But he steeled his nerves and
said, "Yes.
Um . . .
three cheers for Tyson!"
"YAAARRRRR!"
the Cyclopes roared.
"Please don't eat me," Grover muttered, but I don't think anyone heard him.
The conch horns blasted again.
The Cyclopes parted, and my father strode into the throne room in his
battle armor, his trident glowing in his hands.
"Tyson!" he roared.
"Well done, my son.
And Percy—" His face turned stern.
He wagged his finger at
me, and for a second I was afraid he was going to zap me.
"I even forgive you for sitting on my throne.
You have saved Olympus!"
He held out his arms and gave me a hug.
I realized, a little embarrassed, that I'd never actually hugged

my dad before.
He was warm—like a regular human—and he smelled of a salty beach and fresh sea air.
When he pulled away, he smiled kindly at me.
I felt so good, I'll admit I teared up a little.
I guess until
that moment I hadn't allowed myself to realize just how terrified I had been the last few days.
"Dad—"
"Shhh," he said.
"No hero is above fear, Percy.
And you have risen above every hero.
Not even
Hercules—"
"POSEIDON!"
a voice roared.
"
I cracked up, but Grover nudged me because Hera was giving us a dirty look.
