And of course she’s got the rivalry with Poseidon.
But, I
mean, aside from that, I thought we could work together.
I thought you might
know something.”
I shook my head.
I wished I could help her, but I felt too hungry and tired
and mentally overloaded to ask any more questions.
“I’ve got to get a quest,” Annabeth muttered to herself.
“I’m not too
young.
If they would just tell me the problem…”
I could smell barbecue smoke coming from somewhere nearby.
Annabeth
must’ve heard my stomach growl.
She told me to go on, she’d catch me later.
I left her on the pier, tracing her finger across the rail as if drawing a battle
plan.
Back at cabin eleven, everybody was talking and horsing around, waiting for
dinner.
For the first time, I noticed that a lot of the campers had similar
features: sharp noses, upturned eyebrows, mischievous smiles.
They were the
kind of kids that teachers would peg as troublemakers.
Thankfully, nobody
paid much attention to me as I walked over to my spot on the floor and
plopped down with my minotaur horn.
“But Zeus and Poseidon—they both had, like, a bazillion kids in the
myths.
Why are their cabins empty?”
Grover shifted his hooves uncomfortably.
“About sixty years ago, after
World War II, the Big Three agreed they wouldn’t sire any more heroes.
Their children were just too powerful.
They were affecting the course of
human events too much, causing too much carnage.
World War II, you know,
that was basically a fight between the sons of Zeus and Poseidon on one side,
and the sons of Hades on the other.
The winning side, Zeus and Poseidon,
made Hades swear an oath with them: no more affairs with mortal women.
They all swore on the River Styx.”
Thunder boomed.
I said, “That’s the most serious oath you can make.”
Grover nodded.
“And the brothers kept their word—no kids?”
During the
winter solstice, at the last council of the gods, Zeus and Poseidon had an
argument.
The usual nonsense: ‘Mother Rhea always liked you best,’ ‘Air
disasters are more spectacular than sea disasters,’ et cetera.
He immediately blamed Poseidon.
Now, a god cannot usurp
another god’s symbol of power directly—that is forbidden by the most
ancient of divine laws.
The only thing Zeus wasn’t sure about was which hero
Poseidon used to steal the bolt.
Now Poseidon has openly claimed you as his
son.
You were in New York over the winter holidays.
You could easily have
snuck into Olympus.
“And Zeus has never trusted Poseidon since.
Of
course, Poseidon denies stealing the master bolt.
He took great offense at the
accusation.
The two have been arguing back and forth for months,
threatening war.
And now, you’ve come along—the proverbial last straw.”
“Most thinking observers would agree that thievery is not
Poseidon’s style.
Zeus has demanded that Poseidon return the bolt by the summer solstice.
That’s June twenty-first, ten days from now.
Poseidon wants an apology for
being called a thief by the same date.
I hoped that diplomacy might prevail,
that Hera or Demeter or Hestia would make the two brothers see sense.
Olympians forced
to choose sides between Zeus and Poseidon.
Destruction.
Carnage.
Millions
dead.
Western civilization turned into a battleground so big it will make the
Trojan War look like a water-balloon fight.”
“Bad,” I repeated.
“What better peace offering,” Chiron said, “than to have the son of
Poseidon return Zeus’s property?”
“If Poseidon doesn’t have it, where is the thing?”
“I believe I know.”
Chiron’s expression was grim.
“Part of a prophecy I
had years ago…well, some of the lines make sense to me, now.
But before I
can say more, you must officially take up the quest.
You must seek the
counsel of the Oracle.”
“Why can’t you tell me where the bolt is beforehand?”
“Because if I did, you would be too afraid to accept the challenge.”
I swallowed.
“Good reason.”
“You agree then?”
I looked at Grover, who nodded encouragingly.
Easy for him.
“If Zeus and Poseidon weaken each other
in a war, who stands to gain?”
“Somebody else who wants to take over?”
I guessed.
“Yes, quite.
Someone who harbors a grudge, who has been unhappy with
his lot since the world was divided eons ago, whose kingdom would grow
powerful with the deaths of millions.
Someone who hates his brothers for
forcing him into an oath to have no more children, an oath that both of them

have now broken.”
I thought about my dreams, the evil voice that had spoken from under the
ground.
“Hades.”
Chiron nodded.
“The Lord of the Dead is the only possibility.”
He must suspect
Poseidon will try to use Percy to clear his name.
Hades would very much like
to kill this young half-blood before he can take on the quest.”
“Great,” I muttered.
“That’s two major gods who want to kill me.”
“But a quest to…” Grover swallowed.
“I mean, couldn’t the master bolt
be in some place like Maine?
Maine’s very nice this time of year.”
“Hades sent a minion to steal the master bolt,” Chiron insisted.
“He hid it
in the Underworld, knowing full well that Zeus would blame Poseidon.
I
don’t pretend to understand the Lord of the Dead’s motives perfectly, or why
he chose this time to start a war, but one thing is certain.
Percy must go to the
Underworld, find the master bolt, and reveal the truth.”
A strange fire burned in my stomach.
The weirdest thing was: it wasn’t
fear.
It was anticipation.
The desire for revenge.
Hades had tried to kill me
three times so far, with the Fury, the Minotaur, and the hellhound.
It was his

fault my mother had disappeared in a flash of light.
Now he was trying to
frame me and my dad for a theft we hadn’t committed.
I was ready to take him on.
Besides, if my mother was in the Underworld…
Whoa, boy, said the small part of my brain that was still sane.
You’re a
kid.
Hades is a god.
Grover was trembling.
He’d started eating pinochle cards like potato
chips.
The poor guy needed to complete a quest with me so he could get his
searcher’s license, whatever that was, but how could I ask him to do this
quest, especially when the Oracle said I was destined to fail?
This was
suicide.
“Look, if we know it’s Hades,” I told Chiron, “why can’t we just tell the
other gods?
Zeus or Poseidon could go down to the Underworld and bust
some heads.”
“Suspecting and knowing are not the same,” Chiron said.
“Besides, even
if the other gods suspect Hades—and I imagine Poseidon does—they
couldn’t retrieve the bolt themselves.
Gods cannot cross each other’s
territories except by invitation.
That is another ancient rule.
Heroes, on the
other hand, have certain privileges.
They can go anywhere, challenge anyone,
as long as they’re bold enough and strong enough to do it.
No god can be
held responsible for a hero’s actions.
Why do you think the gods always
operate through humans?”
“You’re saying I’m being used.”
“I’m saying it’s no accident Poseidon has claimed you now.
It’s a very
risky gamble, but he’s in a desperate situation.
He needs you.”
My dad needs me.
Emotions rolled around inside me like bits of glass in a kaleidoscope.
I
didn’t know whether to feel resentful or grateful or happy or angry.
Poseidon
had ignored me for twelve years.
Now suddenly he needed me.
I looked at Chiron.
“You’ve known I was Poseidon’s son all along,
haven’t you?”
“I had my suspicions.
As I said…I’ve spoken to the Oracle, too.”
I got the feeling there was a lot he wasn’t telling me about his prophecy,
but I decided I couldn’t worry about that right now.
After all, I was holding
back information too.
“So let me get this straight,” I said.
“I’m supposed go to the Underworld
and confront the Lord of the Dead.”
“Check,” Chiron said.
“Find the most powerful weapon in the universe.”
“Check.”
“And get it back to Olympus before the summer solstice, in ten days.”
“That’s about right.”
I looked at Grover, who gulped down the ace of hearts.
“Did I mention that Maine is very nice this time of year?”
he asked
weakly.
“You don’t have to go,” I told him.
“I can’t ask that of you.”
“Oh…” He shifted his hooves.
“No…it’s just that satyrs and underground
places…well…”
He took a deep breath, then stood, brushing the shredded cards and
aluminum bits off his T-shirt.
“You saved my life, Percy.
If…if you’re
serious about wanting me along, I won’t let you down.”
I felt so relieved I wanted to cry, though I didn’t think that would be very

heroic.
Grover was the only friend I’d ever had for longer than a few months.
I wasn’t sure what good a satyr could do against the forces of the dead, but I
felt better knowing he’d be with me.
“All the way, G-man.”
I turned to Chiron.
“So where do we go?
The
Oracle just said to go west.”
“The entrance to the Underworld is always in the west.
It moves from age
to age, just like Olympus.
Right now, of course, it’s in America.”
“Where?”
Chiron looked surprised.
“I thought that would be obvious enough.
The
entrance to the Underworld is in Los Angeles.”
“Oh,” I said.
“Naturally.
So we just get on a plane—”
“No!”
Grover shrieked.
“Percy, what are you thinking?
Have you ever
been on a plane in your life?”
I shook my head, feeling embarrassed.
My mom had never taken me
anywhere by plane.
She’d always said we didn’t have the money.
Besides,
her parents had died in a plane crash.
“Percy, think,” Chiron said.
“You are the son of the Sea God.
One time my mom caught
Poseidon with his girlfriend in Athena’s temple, which is hugely
disrespectful.
Another time, Athena and Poseidon competed to be the patron
god for the city of Athens.
Your dad created some stupid saltwater spring for

his gift.
My mom created the olive tree.
The people saw that her gift was
better, so they named the city after her.”
“They must really like olives.”
“Oh, forget it.”
“Now, if she’d invented pizza—that I could understand.”
“I said, forget it!”
In the front seat, Argus smiled.
He didn’t say anything, but one blue eye
on the back of his neck winked at me.
Traffic slowed us down in Queens.
By the time we got into Manhattan it
was sunset and starting to rain.
Argus dropped us at the Greyhound Station on the Upper East Side, not
far from my mom and Gabe’s apartment.
Taped to a mailbox was a soggy
flyer with my picture on it: HAVE YOU SEEN THIS BOY?
I ripped it down before Annabeth and Grover could notice.
Argus unloaded our bags, made sure we got our bus tickets, then drove
away, the eye on the back of his hand opening to watch us as he pulled out of
the parking lot.
I thought about how close I was to my old apartment.
On a normal day,
my mom would be home from the candy store by now.
Smelly Gabe was
probably up there right now, playing poker, not even missing her.
Grover shouldered his backpack.
He gazed down the street in the
direction I was looking.
“You want to know why she married him, Percy?”
I stared at him.
“Were you reading my mind or something?”
“Just your emotions.”
He shrugged.
“Guess I forgot to tell you satyrs can
do that.
The more I
thought about it, I resented Poseidon for never visiting me, never helping my
mom, never even sending a lousy child-support check.
He’d only claimed me
because he needed a job done.
All I cared about was my mom.
Hades had taken her unfairly, and Hades
was going to give her back.
You will be betrayed by one who calls you a friend, the Oracle whispered
in my mind.
You will fail to save what matters most in the end.
Shut up, I told it.
The rain kept coming down.
We got restless waiting for the bus and decided to play some Hacky Sack
with one of Grover’s apples.
Annabeth was unbelievable.
She could bounce
the apple off her knee, her elbow, her shoulder, whatever.
I wasn’t too bad
myself.
“My mom invented it, but Poseidon created horses out of the
crests of waves.
So they had to work together to make it complete.”
“Then we can cooperate, too.
Right?”
I remembered the swirling green trident that had appeared above my head
the night of capture the flag, when Poseidon had claimed me as his son.
But this wasn’t the sea.
This was the Mississippi, dead center of the USA.
There was no Sea God here.
“Die, faithless one,” Echidna rasped, and the Chimera sent a column of
flame toward my face.
“Father, help me,” I prayed.
I turned and jumped.
My clothes on fire, poison coursing through my
veins, I plummeted toward the river.
FOURTEEN

I BECOME A KNOWN FUGITIVE

I’d love to tell you I had some deep revelation on my way down, that I came
to terms with my own mortality, laughed in the face of death, et cetera.
The truth?
My only thought was: Aaaaggghhhhh!
The river raced toward me at the speed of a truck.
Wind ripped the breath
from my lungs.
Steeples and skyscrapers and bridges tumbled in and out of
my vision.
And then: Flaaa-boooom!
A whiteout of bubbles.
I sank through the murk, sure that I was about to
end up embedded in a hundred feet of mud and lost forever.
But my impact with the water hadn’t hurt.
I was falling slowly now,
bubbles trickling up through my fingers.
I settled on the river bottom
soundlessly.
A catfish the size of my stepfather lurched away into the gloom.
Clouds of silt and disgusting garbage—beer bottles, old shoes, plastic bags—
swirled up all around me.
At that point, I realized a few things: first, I had not been flattened into a
pancake.
I had not been barbecued.
I couldn’t even feel the Chimera poison
boiling in my veins anymore.
I was alive, which was good.
Second realization: I wasn’t wet.
I mean, I could feel the coolness of the
water.
I could see where the fire on my clothes had been quenched.
But when
I touched my own shirt, it felt perfectly dry.
I looked at the garbage floating by and snatched an old cigarette lighter.
No way, I thought.
I flicked the lighter.
It sparked.
A tiny flame appeared, right there at the
bottom of the Mississippi.
I grabbed a soggy hamburger wrapper out of the current and immediately
the paper turned dry.
I lit it with no problem.
As soon as I let it go, the flames
sputtered out.
The wrapper turned back into a slimy rag.
Weird.
But the strangest thought occurred to me only last: I was breathing.
I was
underwater, and I was breathing normally.
I stood up, thigh-deep in mud.
My legs felt shaky.
My hands trembled.
I
should’ve been dead.
The fact that I wasn’t seemed like…well, a miracle.
I
imagined a woman’s voice, a voice that sounded a bit like my mother: Percy,
what do you say?
“Um…thanks.”
Underwater, I sounded like I did on recordings, like a
much older kid.
“Thank you…Father.”
No response.
Just the dark drift of garbage downriver, the enormous
catfish gliding by, the flash of sunset on the water’s surface far above, turning
everything the color of butterscotch.
Why had Poseidon saved me?
The more I thought about it, the more
ashamed I felt.
So I’d gotten lucky a few times before.
Against a thing like
the Chimera, I had never stood a chance.
Those poor people in the Arch were
probably toast.
I couldn’t protect them.
I was no hero.
Maybe I should just
stay down here with the catfish, join the bottom feeders.
Fump-fump-fump.
A riverboat’s paddlewheel churned above me, swirling
the silt around.
There, not five feet in front of me, was my sword, its gleaming bronze hilt
sticking up in the mud.
I heard that woman’s voice again: Percy, take the sword.
Your father
believes in you.
This time, I knew the voice wasn’t in my head.
I wasn’t
imagining it.
Her words seemed to come from everywhere, rippling through
the water like dolphin sonar.
“Where are you?”
I called aloud.
Then, through the gloom, I saw her—a woman the color of the water, a
ghost in the current, floating just above the sword.
She had long billowing
hair, and her eyes, barely visible, were green like mine.
A lump formed in my throat.
I said, “Mom?”
No, child, only a messenger, though your mother’s fate is not as hopeless
as you believe.
Go to the beach in Santa Monica.
“What?”
It is your father’s will.
Before you descend into the Underworld, you
must go to Santa Monica.
Please, Percy, I cannot stay long.
The river here is
too foul for my presence.
“But…” I was sure this woman was my mother, or a vision of her,
anyway.
“Who—how did you—”
There was so much I wanted to ask, the words jammed up in my throat.
I cannot stay, brave one, the woman said.
She reached out, and I felt the
current brush my face like a caress.
You must go to Santa Monica!
And,
Percy, do not trust the gifts.…
Her voice faded.
“Gifts?”
I asked.
“What gifts?
Wait!”
She made one more attempt to speak, but the sound was gone.
Her image
melted away.
If it was my mother, I had lost her again.
I felt like drowning myself.
The only problem: I was immune to

drowning.
Your father believes in you, she had said.
She’d also called me brave…unless she was talking to the catfish.
I waded toward Riptide and grabbed it by the hilt.
The Chimera might
still be up there with its snaky, fat mother, waiting to finish me off.
At the
very least, the mortal police would be arriving, trying to figure out who had
blown a hole in the Arch.
If they found me, they’d have some questions.
I capped my sword, stuck the ballpoint pen in my pocket.
“Thank you,
Father,” I said again to the dark water.
Then I kicked up through the muck and swam for the surface.
I came ashore next to a floating McDonald’s.
A block away, every emergency vehicle in St. Louis was surrounding the
Arch.
Police helicopters circled overhead.
The crowd of onlookers reminded
me of Times Square on New Year’s Eve.
A little girl said, “Mama!
That boy walked out of the river.”
“That’s nice, dear,” her mother said, craning her neck to watch the
ambulances.
“But he’s dry!”
“That’s nice, dear.”
A news lady was talking for the camera: “Probably not a terrorist attack,
we’re told, but it’s still very early in the investigation.
The damage, as you
can see, is very serious.
We’re trying to get to some of the survivors, to
question them about eyewitness reports of someone falling from the Arch.”
Survivors.
I felt a surge of relief.
Maybe the park ranger and that family
made it out safely.
Aphrodite, Ares, and
Apollo are backing Poseidon, more or less.
Poseidon has played his most desperate card.
Now we shall use it
against him.
Shortly you shall have the reward you wish, and your revenge.
As soon as both items are delivered into my hands…but wait.
He is here.
What?
The invisible servant suddenly sounded tense.
You summoned him,
my lord?
No.
The full force of the monster’s attention was now pouring over me,
freezing me in place.
Blast his father’s blood—he is too changeable, too
unpredictable.
The boy brought himself hither.
Impossible!
the servant cried.
For a weakling such as you, perhaps, the voice snarled.
Then its cold
power turned back on me.
So…you wish to dream of your quest, young halfblood?
Then I will oblige.
The scene changed.
I was standing in a vast throne room with black marble walls and bronze
floors.
The empty, horrid throne was made from human bones fused together.
Standing at the foot of the dais was my mother, frozen in shimmering golden
light, her arms outstretched.
I tried to step toward her, but my legs wouldn’t move.
I reached for her,
only to realize that my hands were withering to bones.
Grinning skeletons in
Greek armor crowded around me, draping me with silk robes, wreathing my
head with laurels that smoked with Chimera poison, burning into my scalp.
The evil voice began to laugh.
Hail, the conquering hero!
I woke with a start.
Grover was shaking my shoulder.
“The truck’s stopped,” he said.
“We
think they’re coming to check on the animals.”
“Hide!”
Annabeth hissed.
She had it easy.
She just put on her magic cap and disappeared.
Grover
and I had to dive behind feed sacks and hope we looked like turnips.
The trailer doors creaked open.
Sunlight and heat poured in.
“Man!”
one of the truckers said, waving his hand in front of his ugly
nose.
“I wish I hauled appliances.”
He climbed inside and poured some water
from a jug into the animals’ dishes.
“You hot, big boy?”
he asked the lion, then splashed the rest of the bucket
right in the lion’s face.
The lion roared in indignation.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah,” the man said.
What had Annabeth said about Poseidon creating horses?
Was a zebra close
enough to a horse?
Was that why I could understand it?
The zebra said, Open my cage, lord.
Please.
I’ll be fine after that.
Outside, Eddie and Maurice were still yelling at each other, but I knew
they’d be coming inside to torment the animals again any minute.
I grabbed
Riptide and slashed the lock off the zebra’s cage.
The zebra burst out.
It turned to me and bowed.
Thank you, lord.
Grover held up his hands and said something to the zebra in goat talk, like
a blessing.
Just as Maurice was poking his head back inside to check out the noise,
the zebra leaped over him and into the street.
There was yelling and
screaming and cars honking.
We rushed to the doors of the trailer in time to
see the zebra galloping down a wide boulevard lined with hotels and casinos
and neon signs.
We’d just released a zebra in Las Vegas.
Maurice and Eddie ran after it, with a few policemen running after them,
shouting, “Hey!
You need a permit for that!”
They honor Lord Poseidon, though they do not serve in his court.”
“And…you serve in Poseidon’s court?”
She nodded.
“It has been many years since a child of the Sea God has
been born.
We have watched you with great interest.”
Suddenly I remembered faces in the waves off Montauk Beach when I
was a little boy, reflections of smiling women.
Like so many of the weird
things in my life, I’d never given it much thought before.
“If my father is so interested in me,” I said, “why isn’t he here?
Why
doesn’t he speak to me?”
A cold current rose out of the depths.
“Do not judge the Lord of the Sea too harshly,” the Nereid told me.
“He
stands at the brink of an unwanted war.
He has much to occupy his time.
Besides, he is forbidden to help you directly.
The gods may not show such
favoritism.”
“Even to their own children?”
“Especially to them.
The gods can work by indirect influence only.
That
is why I give you a warning, and a gift.”
She held out her hand.
Three white pearls flashed in her palm.
“I know you journey to Hades’s realm,” she said.
“Few mortals have ever
done this and survived: Orpheus, who had great music skill; Hercules, who
had great strength; Houdini, who could escape even the depths of Tartarus.
Do you have these talents?”
“Um…no, ma’am.”
“Ah, but you have something else, Percy.
You have gifts you have only
begun to know.
The oracles have foretold a great and terrible future for you,
should you survive to manhood.
Poseidon would not have you die before
your time.
Therefore take these, and when you are in need, smash a pearl at
your feet.”
“What will happen?”
“That,” she said, “depends on the need.
But remember: what belongs to
the sea will always return to the sea.”
“What about the warning?”
Her eyes flickered with green light.
“Go with what your heart tells you, or
you will lose all.
Hades feeds on doubt and hopelessness.
He will trick you if
he can, make you mistrust your own judgment.
Once you are in his realm, he
will never willingly let you leave.
Keep faith.
Good luck, Percy Jackson.”
She summoned her sea horse and rode toward the void.
“Wait!”
I called.
“At the river, you said not to trust the gifts.
What gifts?”
“Good-bye, young hero,” she called back, her voice fading into the
depths.
“You must listen to your heart.”
She became a speck of glowing
green, and then she was gone.
I wanted to follow her down into the darkness.
I wanted to see the court
of Poseidon.
But I looked up at the sunset darkening on the surface.
My
friends were waiting.
We had so little time.
…
I kicked upward toward the shore.
When I reached the beach, my clothes dried instantly.
Had I not sent my Fury to
discover you at Yancy Academy, Poseidon might have succeeded in hiding
his scheme to start a war.
But now you have been forced into the open.
You
will be exposed as Poseidon’s thief, and I will have my helm back!”
“But…” Annabeth spoke.
I could tell her mind was going a million miles
an hour.
“Lord Hades, your helm of darkness is missing, too?”
“Do not play innocent with me, girl.
You and the satyr have been helping
this hero—coming here to threaten me in Poseidon’s name, no doubt—to
bring me an ultimatum.
Does Poseidon think I can be blackmailed into
supporting him?”
“No!”
I said.
“Poseidon didn’t—I didn’t—”
“I have said nothing of the helm’s disappearance,” Hades snarled,
“because I had no illusions that anyone on Olympus would offer me the
slightest justice, the slightest help.
I can ill afford for word to get out that my
most powerful weapon of fear is missing.
So I searched for you myself, and

when it was clear you were coming to me to deliver your threat, I did not try
to stop you.”
“You didn’t try to stop us?
But—”
“Return my helm now, or I will stop death,” Hades threatened.
“That is
my counterproposal.
I will open the earth and have the dead pour back into
the world.
I will make your lands a nightmare.
And you, Percy Jackson
—your skeleton will lead my army out of Hades.”
The skeletal soldiers all took one step forward, making their weapons
ready.
At that point, I probably should have been terrified.
The strange thing
was, I felt offended.
Nothing gets me angrier than being accused of
something I didn’t do.
I’ve had a lot of experience with that.
Zeus, Poseidon, and Hades had been set at
each other’s throats by someone else.
The master bolt had been in the
backpack, and I’d gotten the backpack from…
“Lord Hades, wait,” I said.
“This is all a mistake.”
“A mistake?”
Hades roared.
The skeletons aimed their weapons.
From high above, there was a
fluttering of leathery wings, and the three Furies swooped down to perch on
the back of their master’s throne.
The one with Mrs. Dodds’s face grinned at
me eagerly and flicked her whip.
“There is no mistake,” Hades said.
“I know why you have come—I know
the real reason you brought the bolt.
You came to bargain for her.”
Hades loosed a ball of gold fire from his palm.
It exploded on the steps in

front of me, and there was my mother, frozen in a shower of gold, just as she
was at the moment when the Minotaur began to squeeze her to death.
I couldn’t speak.
I reached out to touch her, but the light was as hot as a
bonfire.
“Yes,” Hades said with satisfaction.
“I took her.
I knew, Percy Jackson,
that you would come to bargain with me eventually.
Return my helm, and
perhaps I will let her go.
She is not dead, you know.
Not yet.
But if you
displease me, that will change.”
I thought about the pearls in my pocket.
Maybe they could get me out of
this.
If I could just get my mom free…
“Ah, the pearls,” Hades said, and my blood froze.
“Yes, my brother and
his little tricks.
Bring them forth, Percy Jackson.”
My hand moved against my will and brought out the pearls.
“Only three,” Hades said.
“What a shame.
You do realize each only
protects a single person.
Try to take your mother, then, little godling.
And
which of your friends will you leave behind to spend eternity with me?
Go
on.
Choose.
Or give me the backpack and accept my terms.”
I looked at Annabeth and Grover.
Their faces were grim.
“We were tricked,” I told them.
“Set up.”
“Yes, but why?”
Annabeth asked.
“And the voice in the pit—”
“I don’t know yet,” I said.
“But I intend to ask.”
“Decide, boy!”
Hades yelled.
“Percy.”
Grover put his hand on my shoulder.
“You can’t give him the
bolt.”
“I know that.”
“Leave me here,” he said.
Poseidon will
get blamed by both sides.
By sundown today, there will be a three-way war.
And I’ll have caused it.”
Grover shook his head, mystified.
“But who would be that sneaky?
Who
would want war that bad?”
I stopped in my tracks, looking down the beach.
“Gee, let me think.”
There he was, waiting for us, in his black leather duster and his
sunglasses, an aluminum baseball bat propped on his shoulder.
His
motorcycle rumbled beside him, its headlight turning the sand red.
“Hey, kid,” Ares said, seeming genuinely pleased to see me.
“You were
supposed to die.”
“You tricked me,” I said.
“You stole the helm and the master bolt.”
Ares grinned.
“Well, now, I didn’t steal them personally.
Gods taking
each other’s symbols of power—that’s a big no-no.
But you’re not the only
hero in the world who can run errands.”
“Who did you use?
Oh yeah, Hades will be mad at
both Zeus and Poseidon, because he doesn’t know who took this.
Pretty soon,
we got a nice little three-way slugfest going.”
“But they’re your family!”
Annabeth protested.
Ares shrugged.
“Best kind of war.
Always the bloodiest.
Nothing like
watching your relatives fight, I always say.”
“You gave me the backpack in Denver,” I said.
“The master bolt was in
there the whole time.”
“Yes and no,” Ares said.
“It’s probably too complicated for your little
mortal brain to follow, but the backpack is the master bolt’s sheath, just
morphed a bit.
The bolt is connected to it, sort of like that sword you got, kid.
It always returns to your pocket, right?”
I wasn’t sure how Ares knew about that, but I guess a god of war had to
make it his business to know about weapons.
“Anyway,” Ares continued, “I tinkered with the magic a bit, so the bolt
would only return to the sheath once you reached the Underworld.
You get
close to Hades.…Bingo, you got mail.
If you died along the way—no loss.
I
still had the weapon.”
“But why not just keep the master bolt for yourself ?”
I said.
“Why send
it to Hades?”
Ares got a twitch in his jaw.
For a moment, it was almost as if he were
listening to another voice, deep inside his head.
“Why didn’t I…yeah…with
that kind of firepower…”
He held the trance for one second…two seconds.
“Athena and Poseidon together.”
My face felt a little warm, but I managed a smile.
“Thanks.”
“Peace, brother,” Poseidon finally said.
His voice stirred my oldest
memories: that warm glow I remembered as a baby, the sensation of this
god’s hand on my forehead.
“The boy defers to his father.
This is only right.”
“You still claim him then?”
“You claim this
child whom you sired against our sacred oath?”
“I have admitted my wrongdoing,” Poseidon said.
“Now I would hear
him speak.”
Wrongdoing.
A lump welled up in my throat.
Was that all I was?
A wrongdoing?
“And risk destroying your own master bolt?” Poseidon asked calmly.
“Let us hear him out, brother.”
“Perseus,” Poseidon said.
“Look at me.”
I did, and I wasn’t sure what I saw in his face.
There was no clear sign of
love or approval.
Nothing to encourage me.
It was like looking at the ocean:
some days, you could tell what mood it was in.
Most days, though, it was
unreadable, mysterious.
I got the feeling Poseidon really didn’t know what to think of me.
He
didn’t know whether he was happy to have me as a son or not.
In a strange
way, I was glad that Poseidon was so distant.
If he’d tried to apologize, or
told me he loved me, or even smiled, it would’ve felt fake.
Like a human dad,
making some lame excuse for not being around.
I could live with that.
After

all, I wasn’t sure about him yet, either.
“Address Lord Zeus, boy,” Poseidon told me.
“Tell him your story.”
“He is proud and impulsive,” Poseidon said.
“It runs in the family.”
“Lord?”
I asked.
They both said, “Yes?”
“Ares didn’t act alone.
Someone else—something else—came up with the
idea.”
I described my dreams, and the feeling I’d had on the beach, that
momentary breath of evil that had seemed to stop the world, and made Ares
back off from killing me.
“In the dreams,” I said, “the voice told me to bring the bolt to the
Underworld.
Ares hinted that he’d been having dreams, too.
I think he was
being used, just as I was, to start a war.”
“You are accusing Hades, after all?”
“Your uncle,” Poseidon sighed, “has always had a flair for dramatic exits.
I think he would’ve done well as the god of theater.”
An uncomfortable silence.
“Sir,” I said, “what was in that pit?”

Poseidon regarded me.
“Have you not guessed?”
“Kronos,” I said.
“The king of the Titans.”
Even in the throne room of Olympus, far away from Tartarus, the name
Kronos darkened the room, made the hearth fire seem not quite so warm on
my back.
Poseidon gripped his trident.
Poseidon was silent for a long time.
“Do you…would you…”
I wanted to ask if Poseidon would come with me to see her, but then I
realized that was ridiculous.
I imagined loading the God of the Sea into a taxi
and taking him to the Upper East Side.
If he’d wanted to see my mom all
these years, he would have.
And there was Smelly Gabe to think about.
Poseidon’s eyes took on a little sadness.
“When you return home, Percy,
you must make an important choice.
You will find a package waiting in your
room.”
“A package?”
“You will understand when you see it.
No one can choose your path,
Percy.
You must decide.”
I nodded, though I didn’t know what he meant.
“Your mother is a queen among women,” Poseidon said wistfully.
“I had
not met such a mortal woman in a thousand years.
Still…I am sorry you were
born, child.
I have brought you a hero’s fate, and a hero’s fate is never happy.
It is never anything but tragic.”
I tried not to feel hurt.
Here was my own dad, telling me he was sorry I’d
been born.
“I don’t mind, Father.”
“Not yet, perhaps,” he said.
“Not yet.
But it was an unforgivable mistake
on my part.”
“I’ll leave you then.”
I bowed awkwardly.
“I—I won’t bother you again.”
I was five steps away when he called, “Perseus.”
I turned.
There was a different light in his eyes, a fiery kind of pride.
“You did
well, Perseus.
Do not misunderstand me.
Whatever else you do, know that
you are mine.
You are a true son of the Sea God.”
As I walked back through the city of the gods, conversations stopped.
The
muses paused their concert.
People and satyrs and naiads all turned toward
me, their faces filled with respect and gratitude, and as I passed, they knelt, as
if I were some kind of hero.
Fifteen minutes later, still in a trance, I was back on the streets of Manhattan.
I caught a taxi to my mom’s apartment, rang the doorbell, and there she
was—my beautiful mother, smelling of peppermint and licorice, the
weariness and worry evaporating from her face as soon as she saw me.
“Percy!
Oh, thank goodness.
Oh, my baby.”
She crushed the air right out of me.
We stood in the hallway as she cried
and ran her hands through my hair.
I’ll admit it—my eyes were a little misty, too.
I was shaking, I was so
relieved to see her.
She told me she’d just appeared at the apartment that morning, scaring
Gabe half out of his wits.
She didn’t remember anything since the Minotaur,
and couldn’t believe it when Gabe told her I was a wanted criminal, traveling
across the country, blowing up national monuments.
She’d been going out of

her mind with worry all day because she hadn’t heard the news.
Gabe had
forced her to go into work, saying she had a month’s salary to make up and
she’d better get started.
I swallowed back my anger and told her my own story.
I tried to make it
sound less scary than it had been, but that wasn’t easy.
I was just getting to
the fight with Ares when Gabe’s voice interrupted from the living room.
Suddenly I understood what Poseidon had told me on Olympus.
A package.
A decision.
Whatever else you do, know that you are mine.
You are a true son of the
Sea God.
I looked at my mother.
“Mom, do you want Gabe gone?”
“Percy, it isn’t that simple.
I—”
“Mom, just tell me.
That jerk has been hitting you.
Do you want him gone
or not?”
She hesitated, then nodded almost imperceptibly.
“Yes, Percy.
I do.
And
I’m trying to get up my courage to tell him.
But you can’t do this for me.
You
can’t solve my problems.”
I looked at the box.
I could solve her problem.
I wanted to slice that package open, plop it on
the poker table, and take out what was inside.
I could start my very own
statue garden, right there in the living room.
That’s what a Greek hero would do in the stories, I thought.
That’s what
Gabe deserves.
But a hero’s story always ended in tragedy.
Poseidon had told me that.
I remembered the Underworld.
I thought about Gabe’s spirit drifting
forever in the Fields of Asphodel, or condemned to some hideous torture
behind the barbed wire of the Fields of Punishment—an eternal poker game,
sitting up to his waist in boiling oil listening to opera music.
Did I have the
right to send someone there?
Even Gabe?
A month ago, I wouldn’t have hesitated.
Now…
“I can do it,” I told my mom.
“One look inside this box, and he’ll never

bother you again.”
She glanced at the package, and seemed to understand immediately.
“No,
Percy,” she said, stepping away.
“You can’t.”
“Poseidon called you a queen,” I told her.
“He said he hadn’t met a
woman like you in a thousand years.”
Her cheeks flushed.
“Percy—”
“You deserve better than this, Mom.
You should go to college, get your
degree.
You can write your novel, meet a nice guy maybe, live in a nice
house.
You don’t need to protect me anymore by staying with Gabe.
Let me
get rid of him.”
She wiped a tear off her cheek.
“You sound so much like your father,”
she said.
“He offered to stop the tide for me once.
He offered to build me a
palace at the bottom of the sea.
He thought he could solve all my problems
with a wave of his hand.”
“What’s wrong with that?”
Her multicolored eyes seemed to search inside me.
“I think you know,
Percy.
I think you’re enough like me to understand.
If my life is going to
mean anything, I have to live it myself.
I can’t let a god take care of me…or
my son.
I have to…find the courage on my own.
Your quest has reminded me
of that.”
We listened to the sound of poker chips and swearing, ESPN from the
living room television.
“I’ll leave the box,” I said.
“If he threatens you…”
She looked pale, but she nodded.
“Where will you go, Percy?”
“Half-Blood Hill.”
“For the summer…or forever?”

“I guess that depends.”
We locked eyes, and I sensed that we had an agreement.
We would see how things stood at the end of the summer.
She kissed my forehead.
“You’ll be a hero, Percy.
You’ll be the greatest
of all.”
I took one last look around my bedroom.
I had a feeling I’d never see it
again.
Then I walked with my mother to the front door.
“Leaving so soon, punk?”
Gabe called after me.
“Good riddance.”
I had one last twinge of doubt.
How could I turn down the perfect chance
to take revenge on him?
I was leaving here without saving my mother.
Being the son of Poseidon, I didn’t have any cabin mates, so the Ares
cabin had volunteered to make my shroud.
They’d taken an old bedsheet and
painted smiley faces with X’ed-out eyes around the border, and the word
LOSER painted really big in the middle.
It was fun to burn.
I wondered, if Poseidon were watching, would he approve of my choice?
“I’ll be back next summer,” I promised him.
“I’ll survive until then.
After
all, I am your son.”
I asked Argus to take me down to cabin three, so I could
pack my bags for home.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

Without the assistance of numerous valiant helpers, I would have been
slain by monsters many times over as I endeavored to bring this story to print.
Thanks to my elder son, Haley Michael, who heard the story first; my
younger son, Patrick John, who at the age of six is the levelheaded one in the
family; and my wife, Becky, who puts up with my many long hours at Camp
Half-Blood.
Thanks also to my cadre of middle-school beta testers: Travis
Stoll, clever and quick as Hermes; C. C. Kellogg, beloved as Athena; Allison
Bauer, clear-eyed as Artemis the Huntress; and Mrs. Margaret Floyd, the
wise and kindly seer of middle-school English.
My appreciation also to
Professor Egbert J. Bakker, classicist extraordinaire; Nancy Gallt, agent
summa cum laude; Jonathan Burnham, Jennifer Besser, and Sarah Hughes for
believing in Percy.
Keep reading for a preview of The Sea of Monsters, the
next book in the Percy Jackson and the Olympians
series!
ONE

MY BEST FRIEND SHOPS FOR A WEDDING
DRESS
My nightmare started like this.
I was standing on a deserted street in some little beach town.
It was the
middle of the night.
A storm was blowing.
Wind and rain ripped at the palm
trees along the sidewalk.
Pink and yellow stucco buildings lined the street,
their windows boarded up.
A block away, past a line of hibiscus bushes, the
ocean churned.
Florida, I thought.
Though I wasn’t sure how I knew that.
I’d never been
to Florida.
Then I heard hooves clattering against the pavement.
Like Zeus, Poseidon,
Athena-“
“Yes,” Tyson said.
“Well … those gods are still alive.
They kind of follow Western Civilization around, living in the
strongest countries, so like now they’re in the U.S.
And sometimes they have kids with mortals.
Kids
called half-bloods.”
“Yes,” Tyson said, like he was still waiting for me to get to the point.
“My dad is Poseidon.”
Tyson frowned.
Now he looked confused.
“But then …”
A siren wailed.
A police car raced past our alley.
The “Big Three” gods-Zeus, Poseidon,
and Hades-had made a pact after World War II not to have any more children with mortals.
We were

more powerful than regular half-bloods.
We were too unpredictable.
When we got mad we tended to
cause problems … like World War II, for instance.
The “Big Three” pact had only been broken
twice-once when Zeus sired Thalia, once when Poseidon sired me.
Neither of us should’ve been
born.
Thalia had gotten herself turned into a pine tree when she was twelve.
Me … well, I was doing
my best not to follow her example.
I had nightmares about what Poseidon might turn me into if I were
ever on the verge of death- plankton, maybe.
Or a floating patch of kelp.
When we got to the Big House, we found Chiron in his apartment, listening to his favorite 1960s
lounge music while he packed his saddlebags.
I guess I should mention-Chiron is a centaur.
From the
waist up he looks like a regular middle-aged guy with curly brown hair and a scraggly beard.
From
the waist down, he’s a white stallion.
He can pass for human by compacting his lower half into a
magic wheelchair.
In fact, he’d passed himself off as my Latin teacher during my sixth-grade year.
But
most of the time, if the ceilings are high enough, he prefers hanging out in full centaur form.
As soon as we saw him, Tyson froze.
“Pony!”
he cried in total rapture.
Chiron turned, looking offended.
“I beg your pardon?”
Annabeth ran up and hugged him.
“Chiron, what’s happening?
You’re not … leaving?”
Her voice
was shaky.
Chiron was like a second father to her.
Chiron ruffled her hair and gave her a kindly smile.
“Hello, child.
And Percy, my goodness.
You’ve grown over the year!”
I swallowed.
For a while, before Poseidon had claimed me, I’d lodged in the Hermes
cabin.
Poseidon’s child, you know.”
“Ah!”
the prisoner said.
“That one.”
His tone made it obvious that he and Dionysus had already discussed me at length.
“I am Tantalus,” the prisoner said, smiling coldly.
“On special assignment here until, well, until
my Lord Dionysus decides otherwise.
And you, Perseus Jackson, I do expect you to refrain from
causing any more trouble.”
“Trouble?”
I demanded.
Dionysus snapped his fingers.
A newspaper appeared on the table-the front page of today’s New
York Post, There was my yearbook picture from Meriwether Prep.
It was hard for me to make out the
headline, but I had a pretty good guess what it said.
Something like: Thirteen-Year-Old Lunatic
Torches Gymnasium.
“Yes, trouble,” Tantalus said with satisfaction.
“You caused plenty of it last summer, I
understand.”
I was too mad to speak.
Like it was my fault the gods had almost gotten into a civil war?
A satyr inched forward nervously and set a plate of barbecue in front of Tantalus.
The new
activities director licked his lips.
He looked at his empty goblet and said, “Root beer.
Barq’s special
stock.
1967.”
The glass filled itself with foamy soda.
Tantalus stretched out his hand hesitantly, as if he were
afraid the goblet was hot.
“Go on, then, old fellow,” Dionysus said, a strange sparkle in his eyes.
“Perhaps now it will
work.”
Tantalus grabbed for the glass, but it scooted away before he could touch it.
A few drops of root
beer spilled, and Tantalus tried to dab them up with his fingers, but the drops rolled away like
quicksilver before he could touch them.
He growled and turned toward the plate of barbecue.
He
picked up a fork and tried to stab a piece of brisket, but the plate skittered down the table and flew off
the end, straight into the coals of the brazier.
“Blast!”
Tantalus muttered.
“Ah, well,” Dionysus said, his voice dripping with false sympathy.
“Perhaps a few more days.
Believe me, old chap, working at this camp will be torture enough.
I’m sure your old curse will fade
eventually.”
“Eventually,” muttered Tantalus, staring at Dionysus’s Diet Coke.
“Do you have any idea how dry
one’s throat gets after three thousand years?”
“You’re that spirit from the Fields of Punishment,” I said.
“The one who stands in the lake with
the fruit tree hanging over you, but you can’t eat or drink.”
Tantalus sneered at me.
“A real scholar, aren’t you, boy?”
“You must’ve done something really horrible when you were alive,” I said, mildly impressed.
“What was it?”
Tantalus’s eyes narrowed.
Behind him, the satyrs were shaking their heads vigorously, trying to
warn me.
“I’ll be watching you, Percy Jackson,” Tantalus said.
“I don’t want any problems at my camp.”
“Your camp has problems already … sir.”
“Oh, go sit down, Johnson,” Dionysus sighed.
“I believe that table over there is yours-the one
where no one else ever wants to sit.”
My face was burning, but I knew better than to talk back.
Dionysus was an overgrown brat, but he
was an immortal, superpowerful overgrown brat.
I said, “Come on, Tyson.”
“Oh, no,” Tantalus said.
“The monster stays here.
We must decide what to do with it.”
“Him,” I snapped.
“His name is Tyson.”
The new activities director raised an eyebrow.
“Tyson saved the camp,” I insisted.
“He pounded those bronze bulls.
Otherwise they would’ve
burned down this whole place.”
“Yes,” Tantalus sighed, “and what a pity that would’ve been.”
Dionysus snickered.
“Leave us,” Tantalus ordered, “while we decide this creature’s fate.”
Tyson looked at me with fear in his one big eye, but I knew I couldn’t disobey a direct order from
the camp directors.
Not openly, anyway.
“I’ll be right over here, big guy,” I promised.
“Don’t worry.
We’ll find you a good place to sleep
tonight.”
Tyson nodded.
“I believe you.
You are my friend.”
Which made me feel a whole lot guiltier.
I trudged over to the Poseidon table and slumped onto the bench.
A wood nymph brought me a
plate of Olympian olive-and-pepperoni pizza, but I wasn’t hungry.
I’d been almost killed twice today.
I’d managed to end my school year with a complete disaster.
Camp Half-Blood was in serious
trouble and Chiron had told me not to do anything about it.
I didn’t feel very thankful, but I took my dinner, as was customary, up to the bronze brazier and
scraped part of it into the flames.
“Poseidon,” I murmured, “accept my offering.”
And send me some help while you’re at it, I prayed silently.
Please.
The smoke from the burning pizza changed into something fragrant-the smell of a clean sea breeze
with wild-flowers mixed in-but I had no idea if that meant my father was really listening.
I went back to my seat.
I didn’t think things could get much worse.
But then Tantalus had one of
the satyrs blow the conch horn to get our attention for announcements.
“Yes, well,” Tantalus said, once the talking had died down.
“Another fine meal!
Or so I am told.”
As he spoke, he inched his hand toward his refilled dinner plate, as if maybe the food wouldn’t notice
what he was doing, but it did.
It shot away down the table as soon as he got within six inches.
“And here on my first day of authority,” he continued, “I’d like to say what a pleasant form of
punishment it is to be here.
Over the course of the summer, I hope to torture, er, interact with each and
every one of you children.
You all look good enough to eat.”
Dionysus clapped politely, leading to some halfhearted applause from the satyrs.
Tyson was still
standing at the head table, looking uncomfortable, but every time he tried to scoot out of the limelight,
Tantalus pulled him back.
“And now some changes!”
Tantalus gave the campers a crooked smile.
“We are reinstituting the
chariot races!”
Murmuring broke out at all the tables-excitement, fear, disbelief.
“Now I know,” Tantalus continued, raising his voice, “that these races were discontinued some
years ago due to, ah, technical problems.”
“Three deaths and twenty-six mutilations,” someone at the Apollo table called.
“Yes, yes!”
Tantalus said.
“But I know that you will all join me in welcoming the return of this
camp tradition.
Golden laurels will go to the winning charioteers each month.
Teams may register in
the morning!
The first race will be held in three days time.
We will release you from most of your
regular activities to prepare your chariots and choose your horses.
Oh, and did I mention, the
victorious team’s cabin will have no chores for the month in which they win?”
An explosion of excited conversation-no KP for a whole month?
No stable cleaning?
Was he
serious?
Then the last person I expected to object did so.
“But, sir!”
With a sickening twist in my stomach, I remembered what Annabeth had said about Cyclopes,
They’re the children of nature spirits and gods … Well, one god in particular, usually …
Swirling over Tyson was a glowing green trident-the same symbol that had appeared above me
the day Poseidon had claimed me as his son.
There was a moment of awed silence.
Being claimed was a rare event.
Some campers waited in vain for it their whole lives.
When I’d
been claimed by Poseidon last summer, everyone had reverently knelt.
But now, they followed
Tantalus’s lead, and Tantalus roared with laughter.
“Well!
I think we know where to put the beast
now.
By the gods, I can see the family resemblance!”
First there was Tyson moving into the Poseidon cabin, giggling to himself every fifteen seconds
and saying, “Percy is my brother?”
like he’d just won the lottery.
“Aw, Tyson,” I’d say.
“It’s not that simple.”
But there was no explaining it to him.
He was in heaven.
And me … as much as I liked the big
guy, I couldn’t help feeling embarrassed.
Ashamed.
There, I said it.
My father, the all-powerful Poseidon, had gotten moony-eyed for some nature spirit, and Tyson
had been the result.
I mean, I’d read the myths about Cyclopes.
I even remembered that they were
often Poseidon’s children.
But I’d never really processed that this made them my … family.
Until I
had Tyson living with me in the next bunk.
And then there were the comments from the other campers.
I mean … I’m sorry, Percy, I didn’t expect
Poseidon to claim him.
Cyclopes are the most deceitful, treacherous-“
“He is not!
What have you got against Cyclopes, any-way?
He’s a son of Poseidon, I told them.
Just like … well, just like me.
No! they insisted.
Monster! Horse-eater!
Not trusted!
I’ll give you sugar cubes at the end of the race, I said.
Sugar cubes?
Very big sugar cubes.
And apples.
Did I mention the apples?
Finally they agreed to let me harness them.
Now, if you’ve never seen a Greek chariot, it’s built for speed, not safety or comfort.
It’s
basically a wooden basket, open at the back, mounted on an axle between two wheels.
The driver
stands up the whole time, and you can feel every bump in the road.
The carriage is made of such light
wood that if you wipe out making the hairpin turns at either end of the track, you’ll probably tip over
and crush both the chariot and yourself.
It’s an even better rush than skateboarding.
I took the reins and maneuvered the chariot to the starting line.
I gave Tyson a ten-foot pole and
told him that his job was to push the other chariots away if they got too close, and to deflect anything
they might try to throw at us.
“No hitting ponies with the stick,” he insisted.
“No,” I agreed.
“Or people, either, if you can help it.
We’re going to run a clean race.
Just keep
the distractions away and let me concentrate on driving.”
“We will win.’”
He beamed.
We are so going to lose, I thought to myself, but I bad to try.
I wanted to show the others … well, I
wasn’t sure what, exactly.
That Tyson wasn’t such a bad guy?
That I wasn’t ashamed of being seen
with him in public?
Maybe that they hadn’t hurt me with all their jokes and name-calling?
As the chariots lined up, more shiny-eyed pigeons gathered in the woods.
They were screeching
so loudly the campers in the stands were starting to take notice, glancing nervously at the trees, which
shivered under the weight of the birds.
Tantalus didn’t look concerned, but he did have to speak up to
be heard over the noise.
“Charioteers!” he shouted.
“Attend your mark!”
He waved his hand and the starting signal dropped.
The chariots roared to life.
Hooves thundered
against the dirt.
The crowd cheered.
Almost immediately there was a loud nasty crack!
I looked back in time to see the Apollo chariot
flip over.
The Hermes chariot had rammed into it-maybe by mistake, maybe not.
The riders were
thrown free, but their panicked horses dragged the golden chariot diagonally across the track.
The
Hermes team, Travis and Connor Stoll, were laughing at their good luck, but not for long.
The Apollo
horses crashed into theirs, and the Hermes chariot flipped too, leaving a pile of broken wood and four
rearing horses in the dust.
Two chariots down in the first twenty feet.
I loved this sport.
I turned my attention back to the front.
Poseidon claimed you, didn’t he?
So … he must care about you … a lot….”
My voice trailed off as I thought about all those years Tyson had lived on the streets of New York
in a cardboard refrigerator box.
How could Tyson think that Poseidon had cared for him?
What kind
of dad let that happen to his kid, even if his kid was a monster?
“Tyson … camp will be a good home for you.
The others will get used to you.
I promise.”
Tyson sighed.
I waited for him to say something.
Then I realized he was already asleep.
I lay back on my bed and tried to close my eyes, but I just couldn’t.
I was afraid I might have
another dream about Grover.
I wished Poseidon would talk to me, give me some advice or something.
The sky was clear and starry.
You think Poseidon cares for you any more than he cares for this monster?”
Tyson clenched his fists and made a rumbling sound down in his throat.
That’s
the real reason Zeus, Poseidon, and Hades swore a pact after World War II not to have any more
kids.
The next child of the Big Three who reaches sixteen will be a dangerous weapon.”
“Why?”
“Because that hero will decide the fate of Olympus.
He or she will make a decision that either
saves the Age of the Gods, or destroys it.”
I let that sink in.
I don’t get seasick, but suddenly I felt ill.
“That’s why Kronos didn’t kill me last
summer.”
She nodded.
“You could be very useful to him.
If he can get you on his side, the gods will be in
serious trouble.”
“But if it’s me in the prophecy-“
“We’ll only know that if you survive three more years.
That can be a long time for a half-blood.
When Chiron first learned about Thalia, he assumed she was the one in the prophecy.
That’s why he
was so desperate to get her safely to camp.
Then she went down fighting and got turned into a pine
tree and none of us knew what to think.
Until you came along.”
On our port side, a spiky green dorsal fin about fifteen feet long curled out of the water and
disappeared.
“This kid in the prophecy … he or she couldn’t be like, a Cyclops?”
I asked.
“The Big Three have
lots of monster children.”
Annabeth shook her head.
“The Oracle said ‘half-blood.’
That always means half-human, halfgod.
There’s really nobody alive who it could be, except you.”
“Then why do the gods even let me live?
It would be safer to kill me.”
“You’re right.”
“Thanks a lot.”
“Percy, I don’t know.
I guess some of the gods would like to kill you, but they’re probably afraid
of offending Poseidon.
Other gods … maybe they’re still watching you, trying to decide what kind of
hero you’re going be.
You could be a weapon for their survival, after all.
The real question is …
what will you do in three years?
What decision will you make?”
“Did the prophecy give any hints?”
Annabeth hesitated.
Maybe she would’ve told me more, but just then a seagull swooped down out of nowhere and
landed on our makeshift mast.
Annabeth looked startled as the bird dropped a small cluster of leaves
into her lap.
“Land,” she said.
“There’s land nearby!”
I sat up.
Sure enough, there was a line of blue and brown in the distance.
Another minute
and I
could make out an island with a small mountain in the center, a dazzling white collection of buildings,
a beach dotted with palm trees, and a harbor filled with a strange assortment of boats.
The current was pulling our rowboat toward what looked like a tropical paradise.
“Welcome!” said the lady with the clipboard.
She looked like a flight attendant-blue business suit, perfect makeup, hair pulled back in a
ponytail.
She shook our hands as we stepped onto the dock.
With the dazzling smile she gave us, you
would’ve thought we’d just gotten off the Princess Andromeda rather than a banged-up rowboat.
Then again, our rowboat wasn’t the weirdest ship in port.
Along with a bunch of pleasure yachts,
there was a U.S. Navy submarine, several dugout canoes, and an old-fashioned three-masted sailing
ship.
There was a helipad with a “Channel Five Fort Lauderdale” helicopter on it, and a short runway
with a Learjet and a propeller plane that looked like a World War II fighter.
Maybe they were
replicas for tourists to look at or something.
“Is this your first time with us?”
the clipboard lady inquired.
As their mouths moved, their faces
morphed into people I knew-my mom, Poseidon, Grover, Tyson, Chiron.
All the people I most
wanted to see.
They smiled reassuringly, inviting me forward.
But no matter what shape they took,
their mouths were greasy and caked with the remnants of old meals.
Like vultures, they’d been eating
with their faces, and it didn’t look like they’d been feasting on Monster Donuts.
Annabeth swam toward them.
I knew I couldn’t let her get out of the water.
The sea was my only advantage.
It had always
protected me one way or another.
I propelled myself forward and grabbed her inkle.
The moment I touched her, a shock went through my body, and I saw the Sirens the way Annabeth
must’ve been seeing them.
Three people sat on a picnic blanket in Central Park.
A feast was spread out before them.
“Father Poseidon, curse
this thief!”
He was blinking hard now, like he could barely see, and I realized he was targeting by the
sound of my voice.
“Poseidon won’t curse me,” I said, backing up as the Cyclops grabbed air.
“I’m his son, too.
He

won’t play favorites.”
Polyphemus roared.
He ripped an olive tree out of the side of the cliff and smashed it where I’d
been standing a moment before.
“Humans not the same!
Nasty, tricky, lying!”
Grover was helping Annabeth aboard the ship.
I hadn’t spoken to Poseidon since last
summer.
I’d never been to his underwater palace.
And then there was the whole thing with Tyson-no
warning, no explanation.
Just boom, you have a brother.
You’d think that deserved a little heads-up
phone call or something.
The more I thought about it, the angrier I got.
I realized I did want recognition for the quest I’d
completed, but not from the other campers.
I wanted my dad to say something.
To notice me.
Hermes readjusted the mailbag on his shoulder.
“Percy, the hardest part about being a god is that
you must often act indirectly, especially when it comes to your own children.
If we were to intervene
every time our children had a problem … well, that would only create more problems and more
resentment.
But I believe if you give it some thought, you will see that Poseidon has been paying
attention to you.
He has answered your prayers.
Poseidon had sent the hippocampi to help us.
He’d given
me powers over the sea that I’d never known about before.
And there was Tyson.
Had Poseidon
brought us together on purpose?
How many times had Tyson saved my life this summer?
In the distance, the conch horn sounded, signaling curfew.
“You should get to bed,” Hermes said.
“I’ve helped you get into quite enough trouble this summer
already.
I really only came to make this delivery.”
“A delivery?”
“I am the messenger of the gods, Percy.”
He took an electronic signature pad from his mailbag and
handed it to me.
“Sign there, please.”
I picked up the stylus before realizing it was entwined with a pair of tiny green snakes.
“Ah!”
I
dropped the pad.
Ouch, said George.
Really, Percy, Martha scolded.
Would you want to be dropped on the floor of a horse stable?
“Oh, uh, sorry.”
I didn’t much like touching snakes, but I picked up the pad and the stylus again.
Martha and George wriggled under my fingers, forming a kind of pencil grip like the ones my special
ed teacher made me use in second grade.
Did you bring me a rat?
George asked.
“No …” I said.
“Uh, we didn’t find any.”
What about a guinea pig?
George!
Martha chided.
Don’t tease the boy.
I signed my name and gave the pad back to Hermes.
In exchange, he handed me a sea-blue envelope.
My fingers trembled.
Even before I opened it, I could tell it was from my father.
I could sense his
power in the cool blue paper, as if the envelope itself had been folded out of an ocean wave.
“Good luck tomorrow,” Hermes said.
“Fine team of horses you have there, though you’ll excuse
me if I root for the Hermes cabin.”
And don’t be too discouraged when you read it, dear, Martha told me.
He does have your interests
at heart.
“What do you mean?”
I asked.
Don’t mind her, George said.
And next time, remember, snakes work for tips.
“Enough, you two,” Hermes said.
“Good-bye, Percy.
For now.”
Small white wings sprouted from his pith helmet.
He began to glow, and I knew enough about the
gods to avert my eyes before he revealed his true divine form.
With a brilliant white flash he was
gone, and I was alone with the horses.
I stared at the blue envelope in my hands.
It was addressed in strong but elegant handwriting that
I’d seen once before, on a package Poseidon had sent me last summer.
Percy Jackson
c/o Camp Half-Blood
Farm Road 3.141
Long Island, New York 11954
An actual letter from my father.
Maybe he would tell me I’d done a good job getting the Fleece.
He’d explain about Tyson, or apologize for not talking to me sooner.
There were so many things that I
wanted that letter to say.
I opened the envelope and unfolded the paper.
Two simple words were printed in the middle of the page:
Brace Yourself
The next morning, everybody was buzzing about the chariot race, though they kept glancing
nervously toward the sky like they expected to see Stymphalian birds gathering.
None did.
It was a
beautiful summer day with blue sky and plenty of sunshine.
The camp had started to look the way it
should look: the meadows were green and lush; the white columns gleamed on the Greek buildings;
dryads played happily in the woods.
And I was miserable.
I’d been lying awake all night, thinking about Poseidon’s warning.
Brace yourself.
I mean, he goes to the trouble of writing a letter, and he writes two words?
Martha the snake had told me not to feel disappointed.
Maybe Poseidon had a reason for being so
vague.
Maybe he didn’t know exactly what he was warning me about, but he sensed something big
was about to happen-something that could completely knock me off my feet unless I was prepared.
It
was hard, but I tried to turn my thoughts to the race.
“Poseidon did care for me after

all.”
“Uh, well-“
“He sent you to help me.
Just what I asked for.”
I blinked.
“You asked Poseidon for … me?”
“For a friend,” Tyson said, twisting his shirt in his hands.
“Young Cyclopes grow up alone on the
streets, learn to make things out of scraps.
Learn to survive.”
“But that’s so cruel!”
He shook his head earnestly.
“Makes us appreciate blessings, not be greedy and mean and fat like
Polyphemus.
But I got scared.
Monsters chased me so much, clawed me sometimes-“
“The scars on your back?”
A tear welled in his eye.
“Sphinx on Seventy-second Street.
Big bully.
I prayed to Daddy for help.
Soon the people at Meriwether found me.
Met you.
Biggest blessing ever.
Sorry I said Poseidon was
mean.
He sent me a brother.”
I stared at the watch that Tyson had made me.
“Percy!”
Poseidon had never invited me
underwater.
But then I thought, Tyson was going?
Just like that?
“When would you leave?”
I asked.
“Now.”
“Now.
Like … now now?”
“Now.”
I stared out at the waves in the Long Island Sound.
The water was glistening red in the sunset.
“I’m happy for you, big guy,” I managed.
“Seriously.”
“Hard to leave my new brother,” he said with a tremble in his voice.
“But I want to make things.
Weapons for the camp.
You will need them.”
Unfortunately, I knew he was right.
The Fleece hadn’t solved all the camp’s problems.
"
"Are you really the son of Poseidon?"
"Well, yeah."
"Can you surf really well, then?"
I looked at Grover, who was trying hard not to laugh.
"Jeez, Nico," I said.
"I've never really tried.
"
He went on asking questions.
The torches and braziers kept the outdoor pavilion warm, but we
all had to sit with our cabin mates, which meant I was alone at the Poseidon table.
Your father, Poseidon, would already have
sounded the alarm.
I fear this monster may be more elusive.
Perhaps even more powerful.
"
"That's some serious danger you're facing," Connor Stoll said.
(I liked how he said you
and not we.)
"It sounds like at least two of the five are going to die.
"

"One shall be lost in the land without rain" Beckendorf said.
"If I were you, I'd stay out
of the desert.
"
There was a muttering of agreement.
"And the Titan's curse must one withstand," Silena said.
"What could that mean?
"
I saw Chiron and Zoe exchange a nervous look, but whatever they were thinking, they
didn't share it.
Years ago,
Chiron had had a prophecy about the next child of the Big Three—Zeus, Poseidon, or
Hades—who turned sixteen.
Supposedly, that kid would make a decision that would save or
destroy the gods forever.
Because of that, the Big Three had taken an oath after World War II
not to have any more kids.
But Thalia and I had been born anyway, and now we were both
getting close to sixteen.
But they're afraid of offending
Poseidon.
Could an Olympian parent turn against his half-blood child?
Would it sometimes be
easier just to let them die?
If there were ever any half-bloods who needed to worry about that,
it was Thalia and me.
I wondered if maybe I should've sent Poseidon that seashell pattern tie
for Father's Day after all.
"There will be deaths," Chiron decided.
"That much we know."
"Oh, goody!"
Dionysus said.
Everyone looked at him.
He glanced up innocently from the pages of Wine Connoisseur
magazine.
"Ah, pinot noir is making a comeback.
Don't mind me.
"
"Percy is right," Silena Beauregard said.
"Two campers should go."
"Oh, I see," Zoe said sarcastically.
"And I suppose you wish to volunteer?"
Silena blushed.
"I'm not going anywhere with the Hunters.
Don't look at me!"
"A daughter of Aphrodite does not wish to be looked at," Zoe scoffed.
"What would thy
mother say?"
Silena started to get out of her chair, but the Stoll brothers pulled her back.
"Stop it," Beckendorf said.
He was a big guy with a bigger voice.
He didn't talk much,
but when he did, people tended to listen.
"Let's start with the Hunters.
Which three of you will
go?"
Zoe stood.
"I shall go, of course, and I will take Phoebe.
She is our best tracker."
"The big girl who likes to hit people on the head?"
Travis Stoll asked cautiously.
Zoe nodded.
"The one who put the arrows in my helmet?"
Connor added..
"Yes," Zoe snapped.
"Why?"
"Oh, nothing," Travis said.
"Just that we have a T-shirt for her from the camp store."
He
held up a big silver T-shirt that said ARTEMIS THE MOON GODDESS, FALL HUNTING
TOUR 2002, with a huge list of national parks and stuff underneath.
"It's a collector's item.
She was admiring it.
You want to give it to her?"
I knew the Stolls were up to something.
They always were.
But I guess Zoe didn't know
them as well as I did.
She just sighed and took the T-shirt.
"As I was saying, I will take
Phoebe.
And I wish Bianca to go.
"
Bianca looked stunned.
"Me?
But… I'm so new.
I wouldn't be any good.
"
"You will do fine," Zoe insisted.
"There is no better way to prove thyself.
"
Bianca closed her mouth.
I felt kind of sorry for her.
I remembered my first quest when
I was twelve.
I had felt totally unprepared.
A little honored, maybe, but a lot resentful and
plenty scared.
I figured the same things were running around in Bianca's head right now.
"And for campers?"
Chiron asked.
His eyes met mine, but I couldn't tell what he was
thinking.
"Me!"
Grover stood up so fast he bumped the Ping-Pong table.
He brushed cracker
crumbs and Ping-Pong ball scraps off his lap.
"Anything to help Artemis!"
Zoe wrinkled her nose.
"I think not, satyr.
You are not even a half-blood.
"
"But he is a camper," Thalia said.
"And he's got a satyr's senses and woodland magic.
That's the problem with being
Poseidon's son: since he created horses out of sea foam, I can understand most equestrian
animals, but they can understand me, too.
Sometimes, like in Blackjacks case, they kind of
adopt me.
If I hadn't been Poseidon's son, there's no way
I could've stayed with him.
Nereus spun and expanded, turning into a killer whale, but I grabbed his dorsal fin as he
burst out of the water.
A whole bunch of tourists went, "Whoa!"
I managed to wave at the crowd.
Yeah, we do this every day here in San Francisco.
Nereus plunged into the water and turned into a slimy eel.
I started to tie him into a knot
until he realized what was going on and changed back to human form.
"Why won't you
drown?"
he wailed, pummelmg me with his fists.
"I'm Poseidon's son," I said.
"Curse that upstart!
I was here first!"
Finally he collapsed on the edge of the boat dock.
Above us was one of those tourist
piers lined with shops, like a mall on water.
Nereus was heaving and gasping.
I was feeling
great.
I could've gone on all day, but I didn't tell him that.
I wanted him to feel like he'd put up
a good fight.
My friends ran down the steps from the pier.
"You got him!"
Zoe said.
"You don't have to sound so amazed," I said.
Nereus moaned.
"Oh, wonderful.
An audience for my humiliation!
The normal deal, I
suppose?
You'll let me go if I answer your question?"
"I've got more than one question," I said.
"Only one question per capture!
That's the rule.
"
I looked at my friends.
This wasn't good.
I needed to find Artemis, and I needed to figure out what the
doomsday creature was.
I looked nervously at my father, Poseidon.
He was dressed similar to the last time I'd
seen him: beach shorts, a Hawaiian shirt, and sandals.
He had a weathered, suntanned face
with a dark beard and deep green eyes.
I wasn't sure how he would feel about seeing me
again, but the corners of his eyes crinkled with smile lines.
He nodded as if to say It's okay.
Grover gave Annabeth and Thalia big hugs.
Then he grasped my arms.
"Percy, Bessie
and I made it!
But you have to convince them!
They can't do it!"
"Do what?"
I asked.
"Heroes," Artemis called.
The goddess slid down from her throne and turned to human size, a young auburnhaired girl, perfectly at ease in the midst of the giant Olympians.
She walked toward us, her
silver robes shimmering.
There was no emotion in her face.
She seemed to walk in a column
of moonlight.
"The Council has been informed of your deeds," Artemis told us.
"They know that
Mount Othrys is rising in the West.
They know of Atlas's attempt for freedom, and the
gathering armies of Kronos.
We have voted to act.
"
There was some mumbling and shuffling among the gods, as if they weren't all happy
with this plan, but nobody protested.
Lord Poseidon has been given permission to unleash his full fury on the
cruise ship Princess Andromeda and send it to the bottom of the sea.
And as for you, my
heroes…"
She turned to face the other immortals.
"These half-bloods have done Olympus a great
service.
Would any here deny that?"
She looked around at the assembled gods, meeting their faces individually.
On Zeus's right, my father Poseidon.
Next to him, a huge lump of a man with a leg in a
steel brace, a misshapen head, and a wild brown beard, fire flickering through his whiskers.
The Lord of the Forges, Hephaestus.
Hermes winked at me.
He was wearing a business suit today, checking messages on his
caduceus mobile phone.
Apollo leaned back in his golden throne with his shades on.
He had
iPod headphones on, so I wasn't sure he was even listening, but he gave me a thumbs-up.
Dionysus looked bored, twirling a grape vine between his fingers.
And Ares, well, he sat on
his chrome-and-leather throne, glowering at me while he sharpened a knife.
On the ladies' side of the throne room, a dark-haired goddess in green robes sat next to
Hera on a throne woven of apple-tree branches.
Demeter, Goddess of the Harvest.
Next to her
sat a beautiful gray-eyed woman in an elegant white dress.
It'd be much safer, while we've got them here—"
"Ares," Poseidon interrupted, "they are worthy heroes.
We will not blast my son to
bits."
"It is unfortunate that my father, Zeus, and
my uncle, Poseidon, chose to break their oath not to have more children.
Only Hades kept his
word, a fact that I find ironic.
As we know from the Great Prophecy, children of the three
elder gods… such as Thalia and Percy… are dangerous.
As thickheaded as he is, Ares has a
point."
"Right!"
Ares said.
"Hey, wait a minute.
Who you callin'—"
He started to get up, but a grape vine grew around his waist like a seat belt and pulled
him back down.
"Oh, please, Ares," Dionysus sighed.
"Save the fighting for later."
Ares cursed and ripped away the vine.
"You're one to talk, you old drunk.
You seriously
want to protect these brats?"
Dionysus gazed down at us wearily.
"I have no love for them.
Athena, do you truly
think it safest to destroy them?"
"I do not pass judgment," Athena said.
"I only point out the risk.
What we do, the
Council must decide.
"
"I will not have them punished," Artemis said.
"I will have them rewarded.
If we
destroy heroes who do us a great favor, then we are no better than the Titans.
If this is
Olympian justice, I will have none of it."
"Calm down, sis," Apollo said.
"Jeez, you need to lighten up."
"Don't call me sis!
I will reward them.
"
Poseidon shifted uncomfortably.
"Percy, the monster's power is considerable.
If the
Titans were to steal it, or—"
"You can't," I insisted.
"Brother, please," Poseidon sighed.
"Fine," Poseidon said.
"I will build an aquarium for the creature here.
Hephaestus can
help me.
The creature will be safe.
We shall protect it with all our powers.
The boy will not
betray us.
I vouch for this on my honor.
"
I turned and found Poseidon smiling at me.
"Dad… hi."
"Hello, Percy.
You've done well."
His praise made me uneasy.
I mean, it felt good, but I knew just how much he'd put
himself on the line, vouching for me.
It would've been a lot easier to let the others disintegrate
me.
"I won't let you down," I promised.
He nodded.
I had trouble reading gods' emotions, but I wondered if he had some doubts.
"Sorry."
"Your former friend Luke," Poseidon corrected.
"He once promised things like that.
He
was Hermes's pride and joy.
Just bear that in mind, Percy.
Even the bravest can fall.
Poseidon looked troubled.
"I don't know, Percy, but beware of him.
He is more
dangerous than ever.
And the golden coffin is still with him, still growing in strength."
"What about Atlas?"
I said.
"What's to prevent him from escaping again?
Couldn't he
just force some giant or something to take the sky for him?
"
My father snorted in derision.
"If it were so easy, he would have escaped long ago.
No,
my son.
The curse of the sky can only be forced upon a Titan, one of the children of Gaia and
Ouranous.
Anyone else must choose to take the burden of their own free will.
Only a hero,
someone with strength, a true heart, and great courage, would do such a thing.
"Yes," Poseidon said.
Some demigods were playing with his water sphere, joyously pushing it back and
forth over the top of the crowd,
"I'd better take care of that," Poseidon grumbled.
"We can't have the Ophiotaurus tossed
around like a beach ball.
Be good, my son.
We may not speak again for some time."
And just like that he was gone.
I was about to keep searching the crowd when another voice spoke.
"Your father takes a
great risk, you know.
"
I found myself face-to-face with a gray-eyed woman who looked so much like
Annabeth I almost called her that.
"Athena."
I tried not to sound resentful, after the way she'd written me off in the
council, but I guess I didn't hide it very well.
She smiled dryly.
"Do not judge me too harshly, half-blood.
Wise counsel is not always
popular, but I spoke the truth.
You are dangerous.
"
"You never take risks?"
She nodded.
"I concede the point.
You may perhaps be useful.
And yet… your fatal
flaw may destroy us as well as yourself.
"
My heart crept into my throat.
The problem for me: I was usually the only one in the Poseidon cabin, and
I’m not exactly what you would call neat.
The cleaning harpies only came
through on the last day of summer, so my cabin was probably just the way
I’d left it on winter break: my candy wrappers and chip bags still on my
bunk, my armor for capture the flag lying in pieces all around the cabin.
I raced toward the commons area, where the twelve cabins—one for each
Olympian god—made a U around the central green.
The Demeter kids were
sweeping out theirs and making fresh flowers grow in their window boxes.
Just by snapping their fingers they could make honeysuckle vines bloom
over their doorway and daisies cover their roof, which was totally unfair.
I
don’t think they ever got last place in inspection.
The guys in the Hermes
cabin were scrambling around in a panic, stashing dirty laundry under their
beds and accusing each other of taking stuff.
They were slobs, but they still
had a head start on me.
Over at the Aphrodite cabin, Silena Beauregard was just coming out,
checking items off the inspection scroll.
I cursed under my breath.
Silena
was nice, but she was an absolute neat freak, the worst inspector.
She liked
things to be pretty.
I didn’t do “pretty.”
I could almost feel my arms getting
heavy from all the dishes I would have to scrub tonight.
The Poseidon cabin was at the end of the row of “male god” cabins on the
right side of the green.
It was made of gray shell-encrusted sea rock, long
and low like a bunker, but it had windows that faced the sea and it always
had a good breeze blowing through it.
I dashed inside, wondering if maybe I could do a quick under-the-bed
cleaning job like the Hermes guys, and I found my half-brother Tyson
sweeping the floor.
“Percy!”
he bellowed.
He dropped his broom and ran at me.
If you’ve
never been charged by an enthusiastic Cyclops wearing a flowered apron
and rubber cleaning gloves, I’m telling you, it’ll wake you up quick.
“Hey, big guy!”
I said.
“Ow, watch the ribs.
The ribs.”
I managed to survive his bear hug.
He put me down, grinning like crazy,
his single calf-brown eye full of excitement.
His teeth were as yellow and
crooked as ever, and his hair was a rat’s nest.
He wore ragged XXXL jeans
and a tattered flannel shirt under his flowered apron, but he was still a sight
for sore eyes.
I hadn’t seen him in almost a year, since he’d gone under the
sea to work at the Cyclopes’ forges.
“You are okay?”
he asked.
“Not eaten by monsters?”
“Not even a little bit.”
I showed him that I still had both arms and both
legs, and Tyson clapped happily.
“Yay!” he said.
“Now we can eat peanut butter sandwiches and ride fish
ponies!
He knew that the next child of the Big
Three gods—Zeus, Poseidon, or Hades—who turned sixteen was prophesied
to either save or destroy Mount Olympus.
Most people assumed that meant
me, but if I died before I turned sixteen, the prophecy could just as easily
apply to Nico.
“Exactly,” I said.
“So—”
“Mouth sealed,” Tyson promised.
“Like the crack in the ground.”
***
I had trouble falling asleep that night.
I lay in bed listening to the waves
on the beach, and the owls and monsters in the woods.
I was afraid once I
drifted off I’d have nightmares.
See, for half-bloods, dreams are hardly ever just dreams.
We get messages.
We glimpse things that are happening to our friends or enemies.
Sometimes
we even glimpse the past or the future.
And at camp, my dreams were
always more frequent and vivid.
So I was still awake around midnight, staring at the bunk bed mattress
above me, when I realized there was a strange light in the room.
The
saltwater fountain was glowing.
I threw off the covers and walked cautiously toward it.
Steam rose from
the hot salt water.
Rainbow colors shimmered through it, though there was
no light in the room except for the moon outside.
Then a pleasant female
voice spoke from the steam: Please deposit one drachma.
I looked over at Tyson, but he was still snoring.
He sleeps about as
heavily as a tranquilized elephant.
I didn’t know what to think.
I’d never gotten a collect Iris-message before.
One golden drachma gleamed at the bottom of the fountain.
I scooped it up
and tossed it through the mist.
The coin vanished.
“O, Iris, Goddess of the rainbow,” I whispered.
“Show me…Uh, whatever
you need to show me.”
The mist shimmered.
I saw the dark shore of a river.
Wisps of fog drifted
across black water.
The beach was strewn with jagged volcanic rock.
A
young boy squatted at the riverbank, tending a campfire.
The flames burned
an unnatural blue color.
Then I saw the boy’s face.
It was Nico di Angelo.
He was throwing pieces of paper into the fire—Mythomagic trading cards,
part of the game he’d been obsessed with last winter.
Nico was only ten, or maybe eleven by now, but he looked older.
His hair
had grown longer.
It was shaggy and almost touched his shoulders.
His eyes
were dark.
His olive skin had turned paler.
He wore ripped black jeans and a
battered aviator’s jacket that was several sizes too big, unzipped over a black
shirt.
His face was grimy, his eyes a little wild.
He looked like a kid who’d
been living on the streets.
I waited for him to look at me.
No doubt he’d get crazy angry, start
accusing me of letting his sister die.
But he didn’t seem to notice me.
I stayed quiet, not daring to move.
If he hadn’t sent this Iris-message, who
had?
Nico tossed another trading card into the blue flames.
“Useless,” he
muttered.
“I can’t believe I ever liked this stuff.”
“A childish game, master,” another voice agreed.
It seemed to come from
near the fire, but I couldn’t see who was talking.
Nico stared across the river.
On the far shore was black beach shrouded in
haze.
I recognized it: the Underworld.
Nico was camping at the edge of the
river Styx.
“I’ve failed,” he muttered.
“There’s no way to get her back.”
The other voice kept silent.
Nico turned toward it doubtfully.
“Is there?
Speak.”
Something shimmered.
I thought it was just firelight.
Then I realized it
was the form of a man—a wisp of blue smoke, a shadow.
If you looked at
him head-on, he wasn’t there.
But if you looked out of the corner of your eye,
you could make out his shape.
A ghost.
“It has never been done,” the ghost said.
“But there may be a way.”
“Tell me,” Nico commanded.
His eyes shined with a fierce light.
“An exchange,” the ghost said.
“A soul for a soul.”
“I’ve offered!”
“Not yours,” the ghost said.
“You cannot offer your father a soul he will
eventually collect anyway.
Nor will he be anxious for the death of his son.
I
mean a soul that should have died already.
Someone who has cheated
death.”
Nico’s face darkened.
“Not that again.
You’re talking about murder.”

“I’m talking about justice,” the ghost said.
“Vengeance.”
“Those are not the same thing.”
The ghost laughed dryly.
“You will learn differently as you get older.”
Nico stared at the flames.
“Why can’t I at least summon her?
I want to
talk to her.
She would…she would help me.”
“I will help you,” the ghost promised.
“Have I not saved you many times?
Did I not lead you through the maze and teach you to use your powers?
Do
you want revenge for your sister or not?”
I didn’t like the ghost’s tone of voice.
He reminded me of a kid at my old
school, a bully who used to convince other kids to do stupid things like steal
lab equipment and vandalize the teachers’ cars.
The bully never got in
trouble himself, but he got tons of other kids suspended.
Nico turned from the fire so the ghost couldn’t see him, but I could.
A tear
traced its way down his face.
“Very well.
You have a plan?”
“Oh, yes,” the ghost said, sounding quite pleased.
“We have many dark
roads to travel.
We must start—”
The image shimmered.
Nico vanished.
The woman’s voice from the mist
said, Please deposit one drachma for another five minutes.
There were no other coins in the fountain.
I grabbed for my pockets, but I
was wearing pajamas.
I lunged for the nightstand to check for spare change,
but the Iris-message had already blinked out, and the room went dark again.
The connection was broken.
I stood in the middle of the cabin, listening to the gurgle of the saltwater
fountain and the ocean waves outside.
Nico was alive.
He was trying to bring his sister back from the dead.
And
I had a feeling I knew what soul he wanted to exchange—someone who had
cheated death.
Vengeance.
Nico di Angelo would come looking for me.
THREE
WE PLAY TAG WITH
SCORPIONS
The next morning there was a lot of excitement at breakfast.
Apparently around three in the morning an Aethiopian drakon had been
spotted at the borders of camp.
I was so exhausted I slept right through the
noise.
The magical boundaries had kept the monster out, but it prowled the
hills, looking for weak spots in our defenses, and it didn’t seem anxious to
go away until Lee Fletcher from Apollo’s cabin led a couple of his siblings
in pursuit.
After a few dozen arrows lodged in the chinks of the drakon’s
armor, it got the message and withdrew.
“It’s still out there,” Lee warned us during announcements.
“Twenty
arrows in its hide, and we just made it mad.
The thing was thirty feet long
and bright green.
It’s eyes—” he shuddered.
“You did well, Lee,” Chiron patted him on the shoulder.
“Everyone stay
alert, but stay calm.
This has happened before.”
“Aye,” Quintus said from the head table.
“And it will happen again.
More
and more frequently.”
The campers murmured among themselves.
There was my dad, Poseidon,
with his trident, holding out grapes for Dionysus to turn into wine.
I’d forgotten that Kronos was Hera’s dad, too, along with being the father
to Zeus, Poseidon, and all the eldest Olympians.
I guess that made Kronos
my grandfather, but that thought was so weird I put it out of my mind.
“We must watch the minor gods,” Hera said.
“Janus.
Hecate.
Morpheus.
They give lip service to Olympus, and yet—”
“That’s where Dionysus went,” I remembered.
“He was checking on the
minor gods.”
“Indeed.”
Hera stared at the fading mosaics of the Olympians.
“You see,
in times of trouble, even gods can lose faith.
They start putting their trust in
the wrong things.
They stop looking at the big picture and start being selfish.
But I’m the goddess of marriage, you see.
I’m used to perseverance.
You
have to rise above the squabbling and chaos, and keep believing.
You have
to always keep your goals in mind.”
“What are your goals?”
Annabeth asked.
She smiled.
“To keep my family, the Olympians, together, of course.
At
the moment, the best way I can do that is by helping you.
well let me tell you,
this naiad is not going to be pushed around just because your daddy is
Poseidon.
This is freshwater territory, mister.
The last guy who asked me
this favor—oh, he was way better-looking than you, by the way—he
convinced me, and that was the worst mistake I’ve ever made!
Do you have
any idea what all that horse manure does to my ecosystem?
Do I look like a
sewage treatment plant to you?
My fish will die.
I’ll never get the much out
of my plants.
I’ll be sick for years.
NO THANK YOU!”
The way she talked reminded me of my mortal friend, Rachel Elizabeth
Dare—kind of like she was punching me with words.
I couldn’t blame the
naiad.
Now that I thought about it, I’d be pretty mad if somebody dumped
four million pounds of manure in my home.
But still…”
“My friends are in danger,” I told her.
“Well, that’s too bad!
But it’s not my problem.
And you’re not going to
ruin my river.”
She looked like she was ready for a fight.
Her fists were balled, but I
thought I heard a little quiver in her voice.
Suddenly I realized that despite
her angry attitude, she was afraid of me.
She probably thought I was going
to fight her for control of the river, and she was worried she would lose.
The thought made me sad.
I felt like a bully, a son of Poseidon throwing
his weight around.
I sat down on a tree stump.
“Okay, you win.”
The naiad looked surprised.
“Really?”
“I’m not going to fight you.
It’s your river.”
She relaxed her shoulders.
“Oh.
Oh, good.
I mean—good thing for you!”
“But my friends and I are going to get sold to the Titans if I don’t clean
those stables by sunset.
And I don’t know how.”
The river gurgled along cheerfully.
A snake slid through the water and
ducked its head under.
Finally the naiad sighed.
“I’ll tell you a secret, son of the sea god.
Scoop up some dirt.”
“What?”
“You heard me.”
I crouched down and scooped up a handful of Texas dirt.
It was dry and
black and spotted with tiny clumps of white rock…No, something besides
rock.
“Those are shells,” the naiad said.
“Petrified seashells.
Millions of years
ago, even before the time of the gods, when only Gaea and Ouranos reigned,
this land was under the water.
It was part of the sea.”
Suddenly I saw what she meant.
There were little pieces of ancient sea
urchins in my hand, mollusk shells.
Even the limestone rocks had
impressions of seashells embedded in them.
“Okay,” I said.
“What good does that do me?”
“You’re not so different from me, demigod.
Even when I’m out of the
water, the water is within me.
It is my life source.”
She stepped back, put her
feet in the river, and smiled.
“I hope you find a way to rescue your friends.”
And with that she turned to liquid and melted into the river.
***
The sun was touching the hills when I got back to the stables.
Somebody
must’ve come by and fed the horses, because they were tearing into huge
animal carcasses.
I couldn’t tell what kind of animal, and I really didn’t want
to know.
If it was possible for the stables to get more disgusting, fifty horses
tearing into raw meat did it.
Seafood!
one thought when he saw me.
Come in!
We’re still hungry!
What was I supposed to do?
I couldn’t use the river.
And the fact that this
place had been under water a million years ago didn’t exactly help me now.
I
looked at the little calcified seashell in my palm, then at the huge mountain
of dung.
Frustrated, I threw the shell into the poop.
I was about to turn my back on
the horses when I heard a sound.
PFFFFFFT!
Like a balloon with a leak.
I looked down where I had thrown the shell.
A tiny spout of water was
shooting out of the muck.
“No way,” I muttered.
Hesitantly, I stepped toward the fence.
“Get bigger,” I told the waterspout.
SPOOOOOOOSH!
Water shot three feet into the air and kept bubbling.
It was impossible, but
there it was.
A couple of horses came over to check it out.
One put his
mouth to the spring and recoiled.
Yuck!
he said.
Salty!
It was seawater in the middle of a Texas ranch.
I scooped up another
handful of dirt and picked out the shell fossils.
I didn’t really know what I
was doing, but I ran around the length of the stable, throwing shells into the
dung piles.
Everywhere a shell hit, a saltwater spring erupted.
Stop!
The horses cried.
Meat is good!
Baths are bad!
Then I noticed the water wasn’t running out of the stables or flowing
downhill like water normally would.
It simply bubbled around each spring
and sank into the ground, taking the dung with it.
The horse poop dissolved
in the saltwater, leaving regular old wet dirt.
“More!”
I yelled.
There was a tugging sensation in my gut, and the waterspouts exploded
like the world’s largest carwash.
Salt water shot twenty feet into the air.
The
horses went crazy, running back and forth as the geysers sprayed them from
all directions.
Mountains of poop began to melt like ice.
The tugging sensation became more intense, painful even, but there was
something exhilarating about seeing all that salt water.
I had made this.
I had
brought the ocean to this hillside.
Stop, lord!
a horse cried.
Stop, please!
Water was sloshing everywhere now.
The horses were drenched, and
some were panicking and slipping in the mud.
The poop was completely
gone, tons of it just dissolved into the earth, and the water was now starting
to pool, trickling out of the stable, making a hundred little streams down
toward the river.
“Stop,” I told the water.
Nothing happened.
The pain in my gut was building.
If I didn’t shut off
the geysers soon, the salt water would run into the river and poison the fish
and plants.
“Stop!”
I concentrated all my might on shutting off the force of the sea.
Suddenly the geysers shut down.
I collapsed to my knees, exhausted.
In
front of me was a shiny clean horse stable, a field of wet salty mud, and fifty
horses that had been scoured so thoroughly their coats gleamed.
Even the
meat scraps between their teeth had been washed out.
We won’t eat you!
the horses wailed.
Please, lord!
no more salty baths!
“On one condition,” I said.
“You only eat the food your handlers give you
from now on.
Not people.
Or I’ll be back with more seashells!”
The horses whinnied and made me a whole lot of promises that they
would be good flesh-eating horses from now on, but I didn’t stick around to
chat.
The sun was going down.
I turned and ran full speed toward the ranch
house.
***
I smelled barbecue before I reached the house, and that made me madder
than ever, because I really love barbecue.
The deck was set up for a party.
Streamers and balloons decorated the
railing.
Geryon was flipping burgers on a huge barbecue cooker made from
an oil drum.
Eurytion lounged at a picnic table, picking his fingernails with a
knife.
The two-headed dog sniffed the ribs and burgers that were frying on
the grill.
These snarling things had created Poseidon’s
trident?
What were they talking about?
I’d never even heard of a telekhine.
“And so, younglings,” the instructor continued, “who do we serve?”
“Kronos!”
they shouted.
“And when you grow to be big telekhines, will you make weapons for the
army?”
“Yes!”
“Excellent.
Now, we’ve brought in some scraps for you to practice with.
Let’s see how ingenious you are.”
There was a rush of movement and excited voices coming toward the cart.
I got ready to uncap Riptide.
The tarp was thrown back.
I jumped up, my
bronze sword springing to life in my hands, and found myself facing a bunch
of…dogs.
Well, their faces were dogs, anyway, with black snouts, brown eyes, and
pointy ears.
Their bodies were sleek and black like sea mammals, with
stubby legs that were half flipper, half foot, and humanlike hands with sharp
claws.
If you blended together a kid, a Doberman pinscher, and a sea lion,
you’d get something like what I was looking at.
“A demigod!”
one snarled.
“Eat it!” yelled another.
But that’s as far as they got before I slashed a wide arc with Riptide and
vaporized the entire front row of monsters.
“Back off!”
I yelled at the rest, trying to sound fierce.
Behind them stood
their instructor—a six-foot-tall telekhine with Doberman fangs snarling at
me.
I did my best to stare him down.
“New lesson, class,” I announced.
“Most monsters will vaporize when
sliced with a celestial bronze sword.
This change is perfectly normal, and
will happen to you right now if you don’t BACK OFF!”
To my surprise, it worked.
The monsters backed up, but there were at
least twenty of them.
My fear factor wasn’t going to last long.
I jumped out of the cart, yelled, “CLASS DISMISSED!” and ran for the
exit.
The monsters charged after me, barking and growling.
I hoped they
couldn’t run very fast with those stubby little legs and flippers, but they
waddled along pretty well.
Thank the gods there was a door in the tunnel
leading out to the main cavern.
I slammed it shut and turned the wheel
handle to lock it, but I doubted it would keep them long.
I didn’t know what to do.
Annabeth was out here somewhere, invisible.
Our chance for a subtle reconnaissance mission had been blown.
I ran
toward the platform at the center of the lava lake.
***
“Annabeth!”
I yelled.
“Shhh!”
an invisible hand clamped over my mouth and wrestled me down
behind a big bronze cauldron.
“You want to get us killed?”
I found her head and took off her Yankees cap.
She shimmered into
existence in front of me, scowling, her face streaked with ash and grime.
“Percy, what is your problem?”
“We’re going to have company!”
I explained quickly about the monster
orientation class.
Her eyes widened.
“So that’s what they are,” she said.
“Telekhines.
I should’ve known.
And
they’re making…Well, look.”
We peeked over the cauldron.
In the center of the platform stood four sea
demons, but these were fully grown, at least eight feet tall.
Their black skin
glistened in the firelight as they worked, sparks flying as they took turns
hammering on a long piece of glowing hot metal.
“The blade is almost complete,” one said.
“It needs another cooling in
blood to fuse the metals.”
“Aye,” a second said.
“It shall be even sharper than before.”
“What is that?”
I whispered.
Annabeth shook her head.
“They keep talking about fusing metals.
I
wonder—”
“They were talking about the greatest Titan weapon,” I said.
“And
they…they said they made my father’s trident.”
A son of Poseidon?”
“Yes,” another growled.
“I can smell the sea in his blood.”
I raised Riptide.
My heart was pounding.
“Strike down one of us, demigod,” the third demon said, “and the rest of
us shall tear you to shreds.
Your father betrayed us.
He took our gift and said
nothing as we were cast into the pit.
We will see him sliced to pieces.
He and
all the other Olympians.”
I wished I had a plan.
But still, I felt like I supported them
because Poseidon was my dad.
“Perhaps I was wrong in the war,” Calypso said.
“And in fairness, the
gods have treated me well.
They visit me from time to time.
They bring me
word of the outside world.
But they can leave.
And I cannot.”
“You don’t have any friends?”
I asked.
“I mean…wouldn’t anyone else
live here with you?
it’s a nice place.”
A tear trickled down her cheek.
“I…I promised myself I wouldn’t speak
of this.
But—”
She was interrupted by a rumbling sound somewhere out on the lake.
A
glow appeared on the horizon.
It got brighter and brighter, until I could see a
column of fire moving across the surface of the water, coming toward us.
I stood and reached for my sword.
“What is that?”
Calypso sighed.
“A visitor.”
As the column of fire reached the beach.
Calypso stood and bowed to it
formally.
The flames dissipated, and standing before us was a tall man in
gray overalls and a metal leg brace, his beard and hair smoldering with fire.
“Lord Hephaestus,” Calypso said.
“This is a rare honor.”
The fire god grunted.
“Calypso.
Beautiful as always.
Would you excuse
us, please, my dear?
I need to have a word with our young Percy Jackson.”
***
Hephaestus sat down clumsily at the dinner table and ordered a Pepsi.
The
invisible servant brought him one, opened it too suddenly, and sprayed soda
all over the gods work clothes.
Hephaestus roared and spat a few curses and
swatted the can away.
“Stupid servants,” he muttered.
“Good automatons are what she needs.
They never act up!”
“Hephaestus,” I said, “what’s going on?
Is Annabeth—”
“She’s fine,” he said.
“Resourceful girl, that one.
Found her way back,
told me the whole story.
She’s worried sick, you know.”
“You haven’t told her I’m okay?”
“That’s not for me to say,” Hephaestus said.
“Everyone thinks you’re
dead.
I had to be sure you were coming back before I s tarted telling
everyone where you were.”
“What do you mean?”
I said.
“Of course I’m coming back!”
Hephaestus studied me skeptically.
He fished something out of his
pocket—a metal disk the size of an iPod.
He clicked a button and it

expanded into a miniature bronze TV.
On the screen was news footage of
Mount St. Helens, a huge plume of fire and ash trailing into the sky.
“Still uncertain about further eruptions,” the newscaster was saying.
“Authorities have ordered the evacuation of almost half a million people as
a precaution.
Meanwhile, ash has fallen as far away as Lake Tahoe and
Vancouver, and the entire Mount St. Helens area is closed to traffic within a
hundred-mile radius.
While no deaths have been reported, minor injuries
and illnesses include—”
Hephaestus switched it off.
“You caused quite an explosion.”
I stared at the blank bronze screen.
Half a million people evacuated?
Injuries.
Illness.
What had I done?
“The telekhines were scattered,” the god told me.
“Some vaporized.
Some
got away, no doubt.
I don’t think they’ll be using my forge any time soon.
On the other hand, neither will I. the explosion caused Typon to stir in his
sleep.
We’ll have to wait and see—”
“I couldn’t release him, could I?
I mean, I’m not that powerful!”
The god grunted.
“Not that powerful, eh?
Could have fooled me.
You’re
the son of the Earthshaker, lad.
You don’t know your own strength.”
That’s the last thing I wanted him to say.
I hadn’t been in control of
myself in that mountain.
I’d released so much energy I’d almost vaporized
myself, drained all the life out of me.
Now I found out I’d nearly destroyed
the Northwest U.S. and almost woken the most horrible monster ever
imprisoned by the gods.
Maybe I was too dangerous.
Maybe it was safer for
my friends to think I was dead.
Now usually, being the son of Poseidon and all,
I only get wet if I want to, but my powers apparently did not extend to dog
saliva, because I got a pretty good bath.
“Whoa, girl!”
I yelled.
“Can’t breathe.
Lemme up!”
Eventually I managed to get her off me.
I scratched her ears and found her
an extra-gigantic dog biscuit.
“Where’s your master?”
I asked.
Her.
“How could he just leave you,
huh?”
She whimpered like she wanted to know that, too.
I was ready to believe
Quintus was an enemy, but still I couldn’t understand why he’d leave Mrs.
O’Leary behind.
If there was one thing I was sure of, it was that he really
cared for his megadog.
I was thinking about that and toweling the dog spit off my face when a
girl’s voice said, “You’re lucky she didn’t bite your head off.”
“How can you be a son of Poseidon?”
“I am his favorite son!”
Antaeus boomed.
“Behold, my temple to the
Earthshaker, built from the skulls of all those I’ve killed in his name!
Your
skull shall join them!”
I stared in horror at all the skulls—hundreds of them—and the banner of
Poseidon.
How could this be a temple for my dad?
My dad was a nice guy.
He’d never ask me for a Father’s Day card, much less somebody’s skull.
“Percy!”
Annabeth yelled at me.
“His mother is Gaea!
Gae—”
Her Laistrygonian captor clamped his hand over her mouth.
His mother is
Gaea.
The earth goddess.
Annabeth was trying to tell me that was important,
but I didn’t know why.
Maybe just because the guy had two godly parents.
That would make him even harder to kill.
“You’re crazy, Antaeus,” I said.
“If you think this is a good tribute, you
know nothing about Poseidon.”
The crowd screamed insults at me, but Antaeus raised his hand for silence.
“Weapons,” he insisted.
“And then we will see how you die.
Will you
have axes?
Shields?
Nets?
Flamethrowers?”
“Just my sword,” I said.
Laughter erupted from the monsters, but immediately Riptide appeared in
my hands, and some of the voices in the crowd turned nervous.
The bronze
blade glowed with a faint light.
“Round one!”
Antaeus announced.
The gates opened, and a dracaena
slithered out.
She had a trident in one hand and a weighted net in the other—
classic gladiator style.
I’d trained against those weapons at camp for years.
She jabbed at me experimentally.
I stepped away.
She threw her net,
hoping to tangle my sword hand, but I sidestepped easily, sliced her spear in
half, and stabbed Riptide through a chink in her armor.
With a painful wail,
she vaporized into nothing, and the cheering of the crowd died.
“No!”
Antaeus bellowed.
“Too fast!
You must wait for the kill.
Only I
give that order!”
“Your heads shall both
be tributes to Poseidon!”
I looked at Ethan.
“When you see your chance, run.”
Then I turned back
to Antaeus.
“Why don’t you fight me yourself?
If you’ve got Dad’s favor,
come down here and prove it!”
The monsters grumbled in the stands.
Antaeus looked around, and
apparently realized he had no choice.
He couldn’t say no without looking
like a coward.
“I am the greatest wrestler in the world, boy,” he warned.
“I have been
wrestling since the first pankration!”
“Pankration?”
I asked.
“He means fighting to the death,” Ethan said.
“No rules.
No holds barred.
It used to be an Olympic sport.”
“Thanks for the tip,” I said.
“Don’t mention it.”
Rachel was watching me with wide eyes.
Annabeth shook her head
emphatically, the Laistrygonian’s hand still clamped over her mouth.
I pointed my sword at Antaeus.
“Winner takes all!
I win, we all go free.
You win, we die.
Swear upon the River Styx.”
Antaeus laughed.
“This shouldn’t take long.
I swear to your terms!”
He leaped off the railing, into the arena.
“Good luck,” Ethan told me.
“You’ll need it.”
Then he backed up quickly.
Antaeus cracked his knuckles.
He grinned, and I saw that even his teeth
were etched in wave patterns, which must’ve made brushing after meals a
real pain.
“Weapons?” he asked.
“I’ll stick with my sword.
You?”
He held up his huge hands and wiggled his fingers.
“I don’t need anything
else!
Antaeus’s father might have been Poseidon, but Gaea was keeping him alive.
I couldn’t hurt him as long as he was touching the ground.
I tried to skirt around him, but Antaeus anticipated my move.
He blocked
my path, chuckling.
He was just toying with me now.
He had me cornered.
I looked up at the chains hanging from the ceiling, dangling the skulls of
his enemies on hooks.
Suddenly I had an idea.
I feinted to the other side.
Antaeus blocked me.
The crowd jeered and
screamed at Antaeus to finish me off, but he was having too much fun.
“Puny boy,” he said.
“Not a worthy son of the sea god!”
I felt my pen return to my pocket, but Antaeus wouldn’t know about that.
He would think riptide was still in the dirt behind him.
He would think my
goal was to get my sword.
It wasn’t much of an advantage, but it was all I
had.
I charged straight ahead, crouching low
so he would think I was going to
roll between his legs again.
While he was stooping, ready to catch me like a
grounder, I jumped for all I was worth—kicking off his forearm, scrambling
up his shoulder like it was a ladder, placing my shoe on his head.
He did the
natural thing.
He straightened up indignantly and yelled “HEY!”
I pushed
off, using his force to catapult me toward the ceiling.
I caught the top of a
chain, and the skulls and hooks jangled beneath me.
I wrapped my legs
around the chain, just like I used to do at the ropes course in gym class.
I
drew Riptide and sawed off the chain next to me.
“Come down here, coward!”
Antaeus bellowed.
He tried to grab me, but I
was just out of reach.
Hanging on for dear life, I yelled, “Come up and get
me!
Or are you too slow and fat?”
He howled and made another grab for me.
He caught a chain and tried to
pull himself up.
While he was struggling, I lowered my sawed-off chain,
hook first.
It took me two tries, but finally I snagged Antaeus’s loincloth.
“WAAA!”
he yelled.
Quickly I slipped the free chain through the
fastening link on my own chain, pulled it taut, and secured it the best I could.
Antaeus tried to slip back to the ground, but his but stayed suspended by his
loincloth.
He had to hold on to the other chains with both hands to avoid
getting flipped upside down.
I prayed the loincloth and the chain would hold
up for a few more seconds.
While Antaeus cursed and flailed, I scrambled
around the chains, swinging and cutting like I was some sort of crazed
monkey.
I made loops with hooks and metal links.
I don’t know how I did it.
My mom always said I have a gift for getting stuff tangled up.
Plus I was
desperate to save my friends.
Anyway, within a couple of minutes the giant
was suspended above the ground, hopelessly snarled in chains and hooks.
I
dropped to the floor, panting and sweaty.
My hands were raw from climbing.
“Get me down!”
Antaeus demanded.
“Free him!”
Things
weren’t back to normal by a long shot, but when I went up to the brazier and
scraped part of my meal into the flames as an offering to Poseidon, I felt like
I really did have a lot to be grateful for.
My friends and I were alive.
The
camp was safe.
Kronos had suffered a setback, at least for a while.
The only thing that bothered me was Nico, hanging in the shadows at the
edge of the pavilion.
He’d been offered a place at the Hermes table, and
even at the head table with Chiron, but he had refused.
After dinner, the campers headed toward the amphitheater, where
Apollo’s cabin promised an awesome sing-along to pick up our spirits, but
Nico turned and disappeared into the woods.
I decided I’d better follow him.
As I passed under the shadows of the trees, I realized how dark it was
getting.
I’d never been scared in the forest before, though I knew there were
plenty of monsters.
Still, I thought about yesterday’s battle, and I wondered
if I’d ever be able to walk in those woods again without remembering the
horror of so much fighting.
I couldn’t see Nico, but after a few minutes of walking I saw a glow up
ahead.
At first I thought Nico had lit a torch.
As I got closer, I realized the
glow was a ghost.
The shimmering form of Bianca di Angelo stood in the
clearing, smiling at her brother.
She said something to him and touched his
face—or tried to.
Then her image faded.
Nico turned and saw me, but he didn’t look mad.
“Saying good-bye,” he said hoarsely.
“We missed you at dinner,” I said.
“You could’ve sat with me.”
“No.”
“Nico, you can’t miss every meal.
If you don’t want to stay with Hermes,
maybe they can make an exception and put you in the Big House.
They’ve
got plenty of rooms.”
“I’m not staying, Percy.”
“But…you can’t just leave.
It’s too dangerous out there for a lone halfblood.
You need to train.”
“I train with the dead,” he said flatly.
“This camp isn’t for me.
There’s a
reason they didn’t put a cabin to Hades here, Percy.
He’s not welcome, any
more than he is on Olympus.
I don’t belong.
I have to go.”
I wanted to argue, but part of me knew he was right.
I didn’t like it, but
Nico would have to find his own, dark way.
I remembered in Pan’s cave,
how the wild god had addressed each one of us individually…except Nico.”
“When will you go?”
I asked.
“Right away.
I’ve got tons of questions.
Like who was my mother?
Who
paid for Bianca and me to go to school?
Who was that lawyer guy who got
us out of the Lotus Hotel?
I know nothing about my past.
I need to find out.”
“Makes sense,” I admitted.
“But I hope we don’t have to be enemies.”
He lowered his gaze.
“I’m sorry I was a brat.
I should’ve listened to you
about Bianca.”
“By the way…” I fished something out of my pocket.
“Tyson found this
while we were cleaning the cabin.
Thought you might want it.”
I held out a

lead figurine of Hades—the little Mythomagic statue Nico had abandoned
when he fled camp last winter.
Nico hesitated.
“I don’t play that game anymore.
It’s for kids.”
“It’s got four thousand attack power,” I coaxed.
“Five thousand,” Nico corrected.
“But only if your opponent attacks
first.”
I smiled.
“Maybe it’s okay to still be a kid once in a while.”
I tossed him
the statue.
Nico studied it in his palm for a few seconds, then slipped it into his
pocket.
“Thanks.”
I put out my hand.
He shook reluctantly.
His hand was as cold as ice.
“I’ve got a lot of things to investigate,” he said.
“Some of them…Well, if
I learn anything useful, I’ll let you know.”
I wasn’t sure what he meant, but I nodded.
“Keep in touch, Nico.”
He turned and trudged off into the woods.
The shadows seemed to bend
toward him as he walked, like they were reaching out for his attention.
A voice right behind me said, “There goes a very troubled young man.”
I turned and found Dionysus standing there, still in his black suit.
“Walk with me,” he said.
“Where to?”
I asked suspiciously.
“Just to the campfire,” he said.
“I was beginning to feel better, so I
thought I would talk with you a bit.
You always manage to annoy me.”
“Uh, thanks.”
We walked through the woods in silence.
I noticed that Dionysus was
treading on air, his polished black shoes hovering an inch off the ground.
I
guess he didn’t want to get dirty.
“We have had many betrayals,” he said.
“Things are not looking good for
Olympus.
“Hello, Sally,” Poseidon said.
“You look as beautiful as ever.
May I come
in?”
My mother made a squeaking sound that might’ve been either a “Yes” or
“Help.”
Poseidon took it as a yes and came in.
Paul was looking back and forth between us, trying to read our
expressions.
Finally he stepped forward.
“Hi, I’m Paul Blofis.”
Poseidon raised his eyebrows as they shook hands.
“Blowfish, did you
say?”
“Ah, no.
Blofis, actually.”
“Oh, I see,” Poseidon said.
“A shame.
I quite like blowfish.
I am
Poseidon.”
“Poseidon?
That’s an interesting name.”
“Yes, I like it.
I’ve gone by other names, but I do prefer Poseidon.”
“Like the god of the sea.”

“Very much like that, yes.”
“Well!”
my mom interrupted.
“Um, we’re so glad you could drop by.
Paul,
this is Percy’s father.”
“Ah.”
Paul nodded, though he didn’t look real pleased.
“I see.”
Poseidon smiled at me.
“There you are, my boy.
And Tyson, hello, son!”
“Daddy!”
Tyson bounded across the room and gave Poseidon a big hug,
which almost knocked off his fishing hat.
Paul’s jaw dropped.
He stared at my mom.
“Tyson is…”
“Not mine,” she promised.
“It’s a long story.”
“I couldn’t miss Percy’s fifteenth birthday,” Poseidon said.
“Why, if this
were Sparta, Percy would be a man today!”
“That’s true,” Paul said.
“I used to teach ancient history.”
Poseidon’s eyes twinkled.
“That’s me.
Ancient history.
I guess.”
“I heard stories,” Poseidon said.
“But I wanted to hear it directly from you.
Tell me everything.”
So I did.
It was kind of disconcerting, because Poseidon listened so
intently.
His eyes never left my face.
His expression didn’t change the whole
time I talked.
When I was done, he nodded slowly.
“So Kronos is indeed back.
It will not be long before full war is upon us.”
Poseidon’s eyes crinkled as he smiled.
“Not yet, my boy.
I sense you will
be needed here.
Which reminds me…” He brought out a sand dollar and
pressed it into my hand.
“Your birthday present.
Spend it wisely.”
“Uh, spend a sand dollar?”
“Oh, yes.
In my day, you could buy quite a lot with a sand dollar.
I think
you will find it still buys a lot, if used in the right situation.”
“What situation?”
“When the time comes,” Poseidon said, “I think you’ll know.”
I closed my hand around the sand dollar, but something was really
bothering me.
“Dad,” I said, “when I was in the maze, I met Antaeus.
He said…well, he
said he was your favorite son.
He decorated his arena with skulls and—”
“He dedicated them to me,” Poseidon supplied.
“And you are wondering
how someone could do something so horrible in my name.”
I nodded uncomfortably.
Poseidon put his weathered hand on my shoulder.
“Percy, lesser beings do
many horrible things in the name of the gods.
That does not mean we gods
approve.
The way our sons and daughters act in our names…well, it usually
says more about them than it does about us.
And you, Percy, are my favorite
son.”
He smiled, and at that moment, just being in the kitchen with him was the
best birthday present I ever got.
Then my mom called from the living room.
“Percy?
The candles are melting!”
“You’d better go,” Poseidon said.
“But, Percy, one last thing you should
know.
“I didn’t mean—”
Poseidon raised his hand.
“It is not your fault, Percy.
It would’ve
happened sooner or later, with Kronos awakening the ancient monsters.
But
be aware, if Typhon stirs…it will be unlike anything you have faced before.
The first time he appeared, all the forces of Olympus were barely enough to

battle him.
And when he stirs again, he will come here, to New York.
He
will make straight for Olympus.”
That was just the kind of wonderful news I wanted to get on my birthday,
but Poseidon patted me on the back like everything was fine.
“I should go.
Enjoy your cake.”
And just like that he turned to mist and was swept out the window on a
warm ocean breeze.
***
It took a little work to convince Paul that Poseidon had left via the fire
escape, but since people can’t vanish into thin air, he had no choice but to
believe it.
We ate blue cake and ice cream until we couldn’t eat anymore.
Then we
played a bunch of cheesy party games like charades and Monopoly.
Tyson
didn’t get charades.
He kept shouting out the answer he was trying to mime,
but it turned out he was really good at Monopoly.
He knocked me out of the
game in the first five rounds and started bankrupting my mom and Paul.
I
left them playing and went into my bedroom.
I set an uneaten slice of blue cake on my dresser.
Then I took off my
Camp Half-Blood necklace and laid it on the windowsill.
There were three
beads now, representing my three summers at camp—a trident, the Golden
Fleece, and the latest: an intricate maze, symbolizing the Battle of the
Labyrinth, as the campers had started to call it.
I wondered what next year’s
bead would be, if I was still around to get it.
If the camp survived until next
summer.
I looked at the phone by my bedside.
I thought about calling Rachel
Elizabeth Dare.
My mom had asked me if there was anyone else I wanted to
have over tonight, and I’d thought about Rachel.
But I didn’t call.
I don’t
know why.
The idea made me almost as nervous as a door into the Labyrinth.
I patted my pockets and emptied out my stuff—Riptide, a Kleenex, my
apartment key.
Then I patted my shirt pocket and felt a small lump.
I hadn’t
even realized it, but I was wearing the white cotton shirt Calypso had given
me on Ogygia.
I brought out a little piece of cloth, unwrapped it, and found
the clipping of moonlace.
It was a tiny sprig, shriveled up after two months,
but I could still smell the faint scent of the enchanted garden.
It made me sad.
I remembered Calypso’s last request of me: Plant a garden in Manhattan
for me, will you?
I opened the window and stepped onto the fire escape.
My mom kept a planter box out there.
In the spring she usually filled it
with flowers, but now it was all dirt, waiting for something new.
It was a
clear night.
The moon was full over Eighty-second Street.
I planted the dried
sprig of moonlace carefully in the dirt and sprinkled a little nectar on it from
my camp canteen.
Nothing happened at first.
Then, as I watched, a tiny silver plant sprang out of the soil—a baby
moonlace, growing in the warm summer night.
“Nice plant,” a voice said.
I jumped.
Nico di Angelo was standing on the fire escape right next to me.
He’d just appeared there.
“Sorry,” he said.
“Didn’t mean to startle you.”
“That’s—that’s okay.
I mean…what are you doing here?”
He’d grown about an inch taller over the last couple of months.
His hair
was a shaggy black mess.
He wore a black T-shirt, black jeans, and a new
silver ring shaped like a skull.
His Stygian iron sword hung at his side.
“I’ve done some exploring,” he said.
“Thought you’d like to know,
Daedalus got his punishment.”
“You saw him?”
Nico nodded.
“Minos wanted to boil him in cheese fondue for an eternity,
but my father had other ideas.
Daedalus will be building overpasses and exit
ramps in Asphodel for all time.
It’ll help ease the traffic congestion.
Truthfully, I think the old guy is pretty happy with that.
He’s still building.
Still creating.
And he gets to see his son and Perdix on the weekends.”
“That’s good.”
Nico tapped at his silver ring.
“But that’s not the real reason I’ve come.
I’ve found out some things.
I want to make you an offer.”
My dad, by the way, is Poseidon.
He can do stuff like that.
"So."
Rachel smiled at me.
"About that invitation."
"Oh . . .
right."
I tried to sound excited.
I mean, she'd asked me to her family's vacation house on St.
Thomas for three days.
I didn't get a lot of offers like that.
My family's idea of a fancy vacation was a
weekend in a rundown cabin on Long Island with some movie rentals and a couple of frozen pizzas, and
here Rachel's folks were willing to let me tag along to the Caribbean.
Besides, I seriously needed a vacation.
This summer had been the hardest of my life.
The idea of
taking a break even for a few days was really tempting.
Still, something big was supposed to go down any day now.
I was "on call" for a mission.
Even
worse, next week was my birthday.
There was this prophecy that said when I turned sixteen, bad things
would happen.
"Percy," she said, "I know the timing is bad.
But it's always bad for you, right?"
She had a point.
"I really want to go," I promised.
"It's just—"
"The war.”
I nodded.
I didn't like talking about it, but Rachel knew.
Unlike most mortals, she could see through
the Mist—the magic veil that distorts human vision.
She'd seen monsters.
She'd met some of the other
demigods who were fighting the Titans and their allies.
She'd even been there last summer when the
chopped-up Lord Kronos rose out of his coffin in a terrible new form, and she'd earned my permanent
respect by nailing him in the eye with a blue plastic hairbrush.
She put her hand on my arm.
"Just think about it, okay?
We don't leave for a couple of days.
My dad .
. ."
Her voice faltered.
"Is he giving you a hard time?"
I asked.
Rachel shook her head in disgust.
"He's trying to be nice to me, which is almost worse.
He wants me
to go to Clarion Ladies Academy m the fall."
"The school where your mom went?"
"It's a stupid finishing school for society girls, all the way in New Hampshire.
Can you see me in
finishing school?"
I admitted the idea sounded pretty dumb.
Rachel was into urban art projects and feeding the homeless
and going to protest rallies to "Save the Endangered Yellow-bellied Sapsucker" and stuff like that.
I'd
never even seen her wear a dress.
It was hard to imagine her learning to be a socialite.
She sighed.
"He thinks if he does a bunch of nice stuff for me, I'll feel guilty and give in."
"Which is why he agreed to let me come with you guys on vacation?"
"Yes . . .
but Percy, you'd be doing me a huge favor.
It would be so much better if you were with us.
Besides, there's something I want to talk—" She stopped abruptly.
"Something you want to talk about?"
I asked.
"You mean . . .
so serious we'd have to go to St.
Thomas to talk about it?
"
She pursed her lips.
"Look, just forget it for now.
Let's pretend we're a couple of normal people.
We're out for a drive, and we're watching the ocean, and it's nice to be together.
"
I could tell something was bothering her, but she put on a brave smile.
The sunlight made her hair
look like fire.
We'd spent a lot of time together this summer.
I hadn't exactly planned it that way, but the more
serious things got at camp, the more I found myself needing to call up Rachel and get away, just for some

breathing room.
I needed to remind myself that the mortal world was still out there, away from all the
monsters using me as their personal punching bag.
"Okay," I said.
"Just a normal afternoon and two normal people.
"
She nodded.
"And so . . .
hypothetically, if these two people liked each other, what would it take to
get the stupid guy to kiss the girl, huh?"
"Oh . . ."
I felt like one of Apollo's sacred cows—slow, dumb, and bright red.
"Um . . .
"
I can't pretend I hadn't thought about Rachel.
She was so much easier to be around than . . .
well, than
some other girls I knew.
I didn't have to work hard, or watch what I said, or rack my brain trying to figure
out what she was thinking.
Rachel didn't hide much.
She let you know how she felt.
I'm not sure what I would have done next—but I was so distracted, I didn't notice the huge black form
swooping down from the sky until four hooves landed on the hood of the Prius with a WUMP-WUMPCRUNCH!
Hey, boss, a voice said in my head.
Nice car!
Blackjack the pegasus was an old friend of mine, so I tried not to get too annoyed by the craters he'd
just put in the hood; but I didn't think my stepdad would be real stoked.
"Blackjack," I sighed.
"What are you—"
Then I saw who was riding on his back, and I knew my day was about to get a lot more complicated.
" 'Sup, Percy."
Charles Beckendorf, senior counselor for the Hephaestus cabin, would make most monsters cry for
their mommies.
He was huge, with ripped muscles from working on the forges every summer, two years
older than me, and one of the camp's best armorsmiths.
He made some seriously ingenious mechanical
stuff.
A month before, he'd rigged a Greek firebomb in the bathroom of a tour bus that was carrying a
bunch of monsters across country.
The explosion took out a whole legion of Kronos's evil meanies as
soon as the first harpy went flush.
Beckendorf was dressed for combat.
He wore a bronze breastplate and war helm with black camo
pants and a sword strapped to his side.
His explosives bag was slung over his shoulder.
"Time?"
I asked.
He nodded grimly.
A clump formed in my throat.
I'd known this was coming.
We'd been planning for it for weeks, but I'd
half hoped it would never happen.
Rachel looked up at Beckendorf.
"Hi."
"Oh, hey.
I'm Beckendorf.
You must be Rachel.
Percy's told me . . .
uh, I mean he mentioned you.
"
Rachel raised an eyebrow.
"Really?
Good."
She glanced at Blackjack, who was clopping his hooves
against the hood of the Prius.
"So I guess you guys have to go save the world now."
"Pretty much," Beckendorf agreed.
I looked at Rachel helplessly.
"Would you tell my mom—"
"I'll tell her.
I'm sure she's used to it.
And I'll explain to Paul about the hood.
"
I nodded my thanks.
I figured this might be the last time Paul loaned me his car.
"Good luck."
Rachel kissed me before I could even react.
"Now, get going, half-blood.
Go kill some
monsters for me."
My last view of her was sitting in the shotgun seat of the Prius, her arms crossed, watching as
Blackjack circled higher and higher, carrying Beckendorf and me into the sky.
I wondered what Rachel
wanted to talk to me about, and whether I'd live long enough to find out.
Being the son of Poseidon and all, I have perfect bearings at sea.
Don't
ask me how, but I could tell we were at 40.19° North, 71.90° West, making eighteen knots, which meant
the ship would arrive in New York Harbor by dawn.
This would be our only chance to stop it.
I had just attached a second jar of Greek fire to the control panels when I heard the pounding of feet
on metal steps—so many creatures coming down the stairwell I could hear them over the engines.
Not a
good sign.
I locked eyes with Beckendorf.
"How much longer?"
"Too long."
He tapped his watch, which was our remote control detonator.
"I still have to wire the
receiver and prime the charges.
Ten more minutes at least."
Judging from the sound of the footsteps, we had about ten seconds.
"I'll distract them," I said.
"Meet you at the rendezvous point."
"Percy—"
"Wish me luck.
"
He looked like he wanted to argue.
The whole idea had been to get in and out without being spotted.
But we were going to have to improvise.
"Good luck," he said.
I charged out the door.
A half dozen telkhines were tromping down the stairs.
I cut through them with Riptide faster than they
could yelp.
I kept climbing—past another telkhine, who was so startled he dropped his Lil' Demons lunch
box.
I left him alive—partly because his lunch box was cool, partly so he could raise the alarm and
hopefully get his friends to follow me rather than head toward the engine room.
I burst through a door onto deck six and kept running.
I'm sure the carpeted hall had once been very
plush, but over the last three years of monster occupation the wallpaper, carpet, and stateroom doors had
been clawed up and slimed so it looked like the inside of a dragon's throat (and yes, unfortunately, I speak
from experience).
Now, being the son of Poseidon and all, I was okay with this.
I can breathe underwater just fine, and
my clothes don't even get wet unless I want them to.
But it was still a bit of a shock when a hammerhead
shark drifted through the bedroom window, regarded me, and then swam calmly out the opposite side of
the room.
"Where—"
"Daddy's palace," Tyson said.
Under different circumstances, I would've been excited.
I'd never visited Poseidon's realm, and I'd

been dreaming about it for years.
But my head hurt.
My shirt was still speckled with burn marks from the
explosion.
My arm and leg wounds had healed—just being in the ocean can do that for me, given enough
time—but I still felt like I'd been trampled by a Laistrygonian soccer team in cleats.
"How long—"
"We found you last night," Tyson said, "sinking through the water.
"
"The Princess Andromeda?"
"Went ka-boom," Tyson confirmed.
"Beckendorf was on board.
Did you find . . .
"
Tyson's face darkened.
"No sign of him.
I am sorry, brother.
"
I stared out the window into deep blue water.
Beckendorf was supposed to go to college in the fall.
He had a girlfriend, lots of friends, his whole life ahead of him.
He couldn't be gone.
Maybe he'd made it
off the ship like I had.
Maybe he'd jumped over the side . . .
and what?
He couldn't have survived a
hundred-foot fall into the water like I could.
He couldn't have put enough distance between himself and
the explosion.
I knew in my gut he was dead.
He'd sacrificed himself to take out the Princess Andromeda, and I had
abandoned him.
I thought about my dream: the Titans discussing the explosion as if it didn't matter, Nico di Angelo
warning me that I would never beat Kronos without following his plan—a dangerous idea I'd been
avoiding for more than a year.
A distant blast shook the room.
Green light blazed outside, turning the whole sea as bright as noon.
"What was that?"
I asked.
Tyson looked worried.
"Daddy will explain.
Come, he is blowing up monsters.
"
The palace might have been the most amazing place I'd ever seen if it hadn't been in the process of getting
destroyed.
We swam to the end of a long hallway and shot upward on a geyser.
As we rose over the
rooftops I caught my breath—well, if you can catch your breath underwater.
The palace was as big as the city on Mount Olympus, with wide courtyards, gardens, and columned
pavilions.
The gardens were sculpted with coral colonies and glowing sea plants.
Twenty or thirty
buildings were made of abalone, white but gleaming with rainbow colors.
Fish and octopi darted in and
out of the windows.
The paths were lined with glowing pearls like Christmas lights.
The main courtyard was filled with warriors—mermen with fish tails from the waist down and human
bodies from the waist up, except their skin was blue, which I'd never known before.
Some were tending
the wounded.
Some were sharpening spears and swords.
One passed us, swimming in a hurry.
His eyes
were bright green, like that stuff they put in glo-sticks, and his teeth were shark teeth.
They don't show
you stuff like that in The Little Mermaid.
Outside the main courtyard stood large fortifications—towers, walls, and antisiege weapons—but
most of these had been smashed to ruins.
Others were blazing with a strange green light that I knew

well—Greek fire, which can burn even underwater.
Beyond this, the sea floor stretched into gloom.
I could see battles raging—flashes of energy,
explosions, the glint of armies clashing.
A regular human would've found it too dark to see.
Heck, a
regular human would've been crushed by the pressure and frozen by the cold.
Even my heat-sensitive eyes
couldn't make out exactly what was going on.
At the edge of the palace complex, a temple with a red coral roof exploded, sending fire and debris
streaming in slow motion across the farthest gardens.
Out of the darkness above, an enormous form
appeared—a squid larger than any skyscraper.
It was surrounded by a glittering cloud of dust—at least I
thought it was dust, until I realized it was a swarm of mermen trying to attack the monster.
The squid
descended on the palace and swatted its tentacles, smashing a whole column of warriors.
Then a brilliant
arc of blue light shot from the rooftop of one of the tallest buildings.
The light hit the giant squid, and the
monster dissolved like food coloring in water.
"Daddy," Tyson said, pointing to where the light had come from.
"He did that?"
I suddenly felt more hopeful.
My dad had unbelievable powers.
He was the god of the
sea.
He could deal with this attack, right?
Maybe he'd let me help.
"Have you been in the fight?"
I asked Tyson in awe.
"Like bashing heads with your awesome Cyclops
strength and stuff?"
Tyson pouted, and immediately I knew I'd asked a bad question, "I have been . . .
fixing weapons," he
mumbled.
"Come.
Let's go find Daddy.
"
I know this might sound weird to people with, like, regular parents, but I'd only seen my dad four or five
times in my life, and never for more than a few minutes.
The Greek gods don't exactly show up for their
kids' basketball games.
Still, I thought I would recognize Poseidon on sight.
I was wrong.
The roof of the temple was a big open deck that had been set up as a command center.
A mosaic on
the floor showed an exact map of the palace grounds and the surrounding ocean, but the mosaic moved.
Colored stone tiles representing different armies and sea monsters shifted around as the forces changed
position.
Buildings that collapsed in real life also collapsed in the picture.
Standing around the mosaic, grimly studying the battle, was a strange assortment of warriors, but
none of them looked like my dad.
I was searching for a big guy with a good tan and a black beard,
wearing Bermuda shorts and a Hawaiian shirt.
There was nobody like that.
One guy was a merman with two fish tails instead of one.
His skin was
green, his armor studded with pearls.
His black hair was tied in a ponytail, and he looked young—though
it's hard to tell with non-humans.
They could be a thousand years old or three.
Standing next to him was
an old man with a bushy white beard and gray hair.
His battle armor seemed to weigh him down.
He had
green eyes and smile wrinkles around his eyes, but he wasn't smiling now.
He was studying the map and
leaning on a large metal staff.
To his right stood a beautiful woman in green armor with flowing black
hair and strange little horns like crab claws.
And there was a dolphin—just a regular dolphin, but it was

staring at the map intently.
"Delphin," the old man said.
"Send Palaemon and his legion of sharks to the western front.
We have
to neutralize those leviathans."
The dolphin spoke in a chattering voice, but I could understand it in my mind:
Yes, lord!
It sped
away.
I looked in dismay at Tyson, then back at the old man.
It didn't seem possible, but . . .
"Dad?"
I asked.
The old man looked up.
I recognized the twinkle in his eyes, but his face . . .
he looked like he'd aged
forty years.
"Hello, Percy."
"What—what happened to you?"
Tyson nudged me.
He was shaking his head so hard I was afraid it would fall off, but Poseidon didn't
look offended.
"It's all right, Tyson," he said.
"Percy, excuse my appearance.
The war has been hard on me."
"But you're immortal," I said quietly.
"You can look . . .
any way you want.
"
"I reflect the state of my realm," he said.
"And right now that state is quite grim.
Percy, I should
introduce you—I'm afraid you just missed my lieutenant Delphin, God of the Dolphins.
This is my, er,
wife, Amphitrite.
My dear—"
The lady in green armor stared at me coldly, then crossed her arms and said, "Excuse me, my lord.
I
am needed in the battle.
"
She swam away.
I felt pretty awkward, but I guess I couldn't blame her.
I'd never thought about it much, but my dad
had an immortal wife.
All his romances with mortals, including with my mom . . .
well, Amphitrite
probably didn't like that much.
Poseidon cleared his throat.
"Yes, well . . .
and this is my son Triton.
Er, my other son.
"
"Your son and heir," the green dude corrected.
His double fish tails swished back and forth.
He
smiled at me, but there was no friendliness in his eyes.
"Hello, Perseus Jackson.
Come to help at last?"
He acted like I was late or lazy.
If you can blush underwater, I probably did.
"Tell me what to do," I said.
Triton smiled like that was a cute suggestion—like I was a slightly amusing dog that had barked for
him or something.
He turned to Poseidon.
"I will see to the front line, Father.
Don't worry.
I will not fail.
"
He nodded politely to Tyson.
How come I didn't get that much respect?
Then he shot off into the
water.
Poseidon sighed.
He raised his staff, and it changed into his regular weapon—a huge three-pointed
trident.
The tip glowed with blue light, and the water around it boiled with energy.
"I'm sorry about that," he told me.
A huge sea serpent appeared from above us and spiraled down toward the roof.
It was bright orange
with a fanged mouth big enough to swallow a gymnasium.
Hardly looking up, Poseidon pointed his trident at the beast and zapped it with blue energy.
Ka-boom!
The monster burst into a million goldfish, which all swam off in terror.
"My family is anxious," Poseidon continued as if nothing had happened.
"The battle against Oceanus
is going poorly.
"
He pointed to the edge of the mosaic.
With the butt of his trident he tapped the image of a merman
larger than the rest, with the horns of a bull.
He appeared to be riding a chariot pulled by crawfish, and
instead of a sword he wielded a live serpent.
"Oceanus," I said, trying to remember.
"The Titan of the sea?"
Poseidon nodded.
"He was neutral in the first war of gods and Titans.
But Kronos has convinced him
to fight.
This is . . .
well, it's not a good sign.
Oceanus would not commit unless he was sure he could pick
the winning side.
"
"He looks stupid," I said, trying to sound upbeat.
"I mean, who fights with a snake?"
"Daddy will tie it in knots," Tyson said firmly.
Poseidon smiled, but he looked weary.
"I appreciate your faith.
We have been at war almost a year
now.
My powers are taxed.
And still he finds new forces to throw at me—sea monsters so ancient I had
forgotten about them.
"
I heard an explosion in the distance.
About half a mile away, a mountain of coral disintegrated under
the weight of two giant creatures.
I could dimly make out their shapes.
One was a lobster.
The other was a
giant humanoid like a Cyclops, but he was surrounded by a flurry of limbs.
At first I thought he wearing a
bunch of giant octopi.
Then I realized they were his own arms—a hundred flailing, fighting arms.
"Briares!"
I said.
I was happy to see him, but he looked like he was fighting for his life.
He was the last of his kind—a
Hundred-Handed One, cousin of the Cyclopes.
We'd saved him from Kronos's prison last summer, and I
knew he'd come to help Poseidon, but I hadn't heard of him since.
"He fights well," Poseidon said.
"I wish we had a whole army like him, but he is the only one.
"
I watched as Briares bellowed in rage and picked up the lobster, which thrashed and snapped its
pincers.
He threw it off the coral mountain, and the lobster disappeared into the darkness.
Briares swam
after it, his hundred arms spinning like the blades of a motorboat.
"Percy, we may not have much time," my dad said.
"Tell me of your mission.
Did you see Kronos?"
I told him everything, though my voice choked up when I explained about Beckendorf.
I looked down
at the courtyards below and saw hundreds of wounded mermen lying on makeshift cots.
I saw rows of
coral mounds that must've been hastily made graves.
I realized Beckendorf wasn't the first death.
He was
only one of hundreds, maybe thousands.
I'd never felt so angry and helpless.
Poseidon stroked his beard.
"Percy, Beckendorf chose a heroic death.
You bear no blame for that.
Kronos's army will be m disarray.
Many were destroyed."
"But we didn't kill him, did we?"
As I said it, I knew it was a naive hope.
We might blow up his ship and disintegrate his monsters, but
a Titan lord wouldn't be so easy to kill.
"No," Poseidon admitted.
"But you've bought our side some time."
"There were demigods on that ship," I said, thinking of the kid I'd seen in the stairwell.
Somehow I'd
allowed myself to
concentrate on the monsters and Kronos.
I'd convinced myself that destroying
their ship was all right because they were evil, they were sailing to attack my city, and besides, they
couldn't really be permanently killed.
Monsters just vaporized and re-formed eventually.
But demigods . .
.
Poseidon put his hand on my shoulder.
"Percy, there were only a few demigod warriors aboard that
ship, and they all chose to battle for Kronos.
Perhaps some heeded your warning and escaped.
If they did
not .
. .
they chose their path.
"
"They were brainwashed!"
I said.
"Now they're dead and Kronos is still alive.
That's supposed to
make me feel better?"
I glared at the mosaic—little tile explosions destroying tile monsters.
It seemed so easy when it was
just a picture.
Tyson put his arm around me.
If anybody else had tried that, I would've pushed him away, but Tyson
was too big and stubborn.
He hugged me whether I wanted it or not.
"Not your fault, brother.
Kronos does
not explode good.
Next time we will use a big stick.
"
"Percy," my father said.
"Beckendorf's sacrifice wasn't in vain.
You have scattered the invasion force.
New York will be safe for a time, which frees the other Olympians to deal with the bigger threat."
"The bigger threat?"
I thought about what the golden Titan had said in my dream: The gods have
answered the challenge.
Soon they will be destroyed.
A shadow passed over my father's face.
"You've had enough sorrow for one day.
Ask Chiron when
you return to camp.
"
"Return to camp?
But you're in trouble here.
I want to help!"
"You can't, Percy.
Your job is elsewhere.
"
I couldn't believe I was hearing this.
I looked at Tyson for backup.
My brother chewed his lip.
"Daddy . . .
Percy can fight with a sword.
He is good.
"
"I know that," Poseidon said gently.
"Dad, I can help," I said.
"I know I can.
You're not going to hold out here much longer.
"
A fireball launched into the sky from behind the enemy lines.
I thought Poseidon would deflect it or
something, but it landed on the outer corner of the yard and exploded, sending mermen tumbling through
the water.
Poseidon winced as if he'd just been stabbed.
"Return to camp," he insisted.
"And tell Chiron it is time."
"For what?"
"You must hear the prophecy.
The entire prophecy.
"

I didn't need to ask him which prophecy.
I'd been hearing about the "Great Prophecy" for years, but
nobody would ever tell me the whole thing.
All I knew was that I was supposed to make a decision that
would decide the fate of the world—but no pressure.
"What if this is the decision?" I said.
"Staying here to light, or leaving?
What if I leave and you . . .
"
I couldn't say die.
Gods weren't supposed to die, but I'd seen it happen.
Even if they didn't die, they
could be reduced to nearly nothing, exiled, imprisoned in the depths of Tartarus like Kronos had been.
"Percy, you must go," Poseidon insisted.
"I don't know what your final decision will be, but your fight
lies in the world above.
If nothing else, you must warn your friends at camp.
Kronos knew your plans.
You have a spy.
We will hold here.
We have no choice."
Tyson gripped my hand desperately.
"I will miss you, brother!"
Watching us, our father seemed to age another ten years.
"Tyson, you have work to do as well, my
son.
They need you in the armory.
"
Tyson pouted some more.
"I will go," he sniffled.
He hugged me so hard he almost cracked my ribs.
"Percy, be careful!
Do not
let monsters kill you dead!"
I tried to nod confidently, but it was too much for the big guy.
He sobbed and swam away toward the
armory, where his cousins were fixing spears and swords.
"You should let him fight," I told my father.
"He hates being stuck in the armory.
Can't you tell?"
Poseidon shook his head.
"It is bad enough I must send you into danger.
Tyson is too young.
I must
protect him.
"
"You should trust him," I said.
"Not try to protect him."
Poseidon's eyes flared.
I thought I'd gone too far, but then he looked down at the mosaic and his
shoulders sagged.
On the tiles, the mermaid guy in the crawfish chariot was coming closer to the palace.
"Oceanus approaches," my father said.
"I must meet him in battle.
"
I'd never been scared for a god before, but I didn't see how my dad could face this Titan and win.
"I will hold," Poseidon promised.
"I will not give up my domain.
Just tell me, Percy, do you still have
the birthday gift I gave you last summer?
"
I nodded and pulled out my camp necklace.
It had a bead for every summer I'd been at Camp HalfBlood, but since last year I'd also kept a sand dollar on the cord.
My father had given it to me for my
fifteenth birthday.
He'd told me I would know when to "spend it," but so far I hadn't figured out what he
meant.
All I knew was that it didn't fit the vending machines in the school cafeteria.
"The time is coming," he promised.
"With luck, I will see you for your birthday next week, and we
will have a proper celebration."
He smiled, and for a moment I saw the old light in his eyes.
Then the entire sea grew dark in front of us, like an inky storm was rolling in.
Thunder crackled,
which should've been impossible underwater.
A huge icy presence was approaching.
I sensed a wave of
fear roll through the armies below us.
"I must assume my true godly form," Poseidon said.
"Go—and good luck, my son.
"
I wanted to encourage him, to hug him or something, but knew better than to stick around.
When a
god assumes his true form, the power is so great that any mortal looking on him will disintegrate.
"Good-bye, Father," I managed.
Then I turned away.
I willed the ocean currents to aid me.
Water swirled around me, and I shot
toward the surface at speeds that would've caused any normal human to pop like a balloon.
When I looked back, all I could see were flashes of green and blue as my father fought the Titan, and
the sea itself was torn apart by the two armies.
THREE
I GET A SNEAK PEEK AT
MY DEATH
If you want to be popular at Camp Half-Blood, don't come back from a mission with bad news.
Word of my arrival spread as soon as I walked out of the ocean.
Our beach is on the North Shore of
Long Island, and it's enchanted so most people can't even see it.
People don't just appear on the beach
unless they're demigods or gods or really, really lost pizza delivery guys.
(It's happened—but that's
another story.)
Anyway, that afternoon the lookout on duty was Connor Stoll from the Hermes cabin.
When he
spotted me, he got so excited he fell out of his tree.
Then he blew the conch horn to signal the camp and
ran to greet me.
Connor had a crooked smile that matched his crooked sense of humor.
He's a pretty nice guy, but you
should always keep one hand on your wallet when he's around, and do not, under any circumstances, give
him access to shaving cream unless you want to find your sleeping bag full of it.
He's got curly brown
hair and is a little shorter than his brother, Travis, which is the only way I can tell them apart.
"Poseidon mentioned another threat," I said.
"Something even bigger than the Princess Andromeda.
I
thought it might be that challenge the Titan had mentioned in my dream."
Chiron and Annabeth exchanged looks, like they knew something I didn't.
I hated when they did that.
"We will discuss that also," Chiron promised.
"One more thing."
I took a deep breath.
"When I talked to my father, he said to tell you it's time.
I
need to know the full prophecy.
"
Chiron's shoulders sagged, but he didn't look surprised.
"I've dreaded this day.
Very well.
Annabeth,
we will show Percy the truth—all of it.
Let's go to the attic.
"
***
I’d been to the Big House attic three times before, which was three times more than I wanted to.
A ladder led up from the top of the staircase.
I wondered how Chiron was going to get up there, being
half horse and all, but he didn't try.
"You mean the 'bigger threat' Poseidon mentioned?"
Poseidon was under siege and losing a war against
the sea Titan Oceanus.
Kronos was still out there somewhere.
Olympus was virtually undefended.
The
demigods of Camp Half-Blood were on our own with a spy in our midst.
Oh, and according to the ancient prophecy, I was going to die when I turned sixteen—which
happened to be in five days, the exact same time Typhon was supposed to hit New York.
Almost forgot
that.
"Well," Chiron said, "I think that's enough for one night.
"
He waved his hand and the steam dissipated.
The stormy battle of Typhon and the gods disappeared.
"That's an understatement," I muttered.
And the war council adjourned.
FOUR
WE BURN A METAL
SHROUD
I dreamed Rachel Elizabeth Dare was throwing darts at my picture.
She was standing in her room . . .
Okay, back up.
I have to explain that Rachel doesn't have a room.
She has the top floor of her family's mansion, which is a renovated brownstone in Brooklyn.
Her "room"
is a huge loft with industrial lighting and floor-to-ceiling windows.
It's about twice as big as my mom's
apartment.
Some alt rock was blaring from her paint-covered Bose docking system.
As far as I could tell,
Rachel's only rule about music was that no two songs on her iPod could sound the same, and they all had
to be strange.
She wore a kimono, and her hair was frizzy, like she'd been sleeping.
Her bed was messed up.
Sheets
hung over a bunch of artist's easels.
Dirty clothes and old energy bar wrappers were strewn around the
floor, but when you've got a room that big, the mess doesn't look so bad.
Out the windows you could see
the entire nighttime skyline of Manhattan.
The picture she was attacking was a painting of me standing over the giant Antaeus.
Rachel had
painted it a couple of months ago.
My expression in the picture was fierce—disturbing, even—so it was
hard to tell if I was the good guy or the bad guy, but Rachel said I'd looked just like that after the battle.
"Demigods," Rachel muttered as she threw another dart at the canvas.
"And their stupid quests.
"
Most of the darts bounced off, but a few stuck.
One hung off my chin like a goatee.
Someone pounded on her bedroom door.
"Rachel!"
a man shouted.
"What in the world are you doing?
Turn off that—"
Rachel scooped up her remote control and shut off the music.
"Come in!"
Her dad walked in, scowling and blinking from the light.
He had rust-colored hair a little darker than
Rachel's.
It was smushed on one side like he'd lost a fight with his pillow.
His blue silk pajamas had
"WD" monogrammed on the pocket.
Seriously, who has monogrammed pajamas?
"What is going on?" he demanded.
"It's three in the morning."
"Couldn't sleep," Rachel said.
On the painting, a dart fell off my face.
Rachel hid the rest behind her back, but Mr. Dare noticed.
"So . . .
I take it your friend isn't coming to St. Thomas?"
That's what Mr. Dare called me.
Never
Percy.
Just your friend.
Or young man if he was talking to me, which he rarely did.
Rachel knit her eyebrows.
"I don't know.
"

"We leave in the morning," her dad said.
"If he hasn't made up his mind yet—"
"He's probably not coming," Rachel said miserably.
"Happy?"
Mr. Dare put his hands behind his back.
He paced the room with a stern expression.
I imagined he did
that in the boardroom of his land development company and made his employees nervous.
"Are you still having bad dreams?" he asked.
"Headaches?"
Rachel threw her darts on the floor.
"I should never have told you about that.
"
"I'm your father," he said.
"I'm worried about you."
"Worried about the family's reputation," Rachel muttered.
Her father didn't react—maybe because he'd heard that comment before, or maybe because it was
true.
"We could call Dr. Arkwright," he suggested.
"He helped you get through the death of your hamster.
"
"I was six then," she said.
"And no, Dad, I don't need a therapist.
I just . . ."
She shook her head
helplessly.
Her father stopped in front of the windows.
He gazed at the New York skyline as if he owned it—
which wasn't true.
He only owned part of it.
"It will be good for you to get away," he decided.
"You've had some unhealthy influences."
"I'm not going to Clarion Ladies Academy," Rachel said.
"And my friends are none of your
business.
"
Mr. Dare smiled, but it wasn't a warm smile.
It was more like, Someday you'll realize how silly you
sound.
"Try to get some sleep," he urged.
"We'll be at the beach by tomorrow night.
It will be fun."
"Fun," Rachel repeated.
"Lots of fun."
Her father exited the room.
He left the door open behind him.
Rachel stared at the portrait of me.
Then she walked to the easel next to it, which was covered in a
sheet.
"I hope they're dreams," she said.
She uncovered the easel.
On it was a hastily sketched charcoal, but Rachel was a good artist.
I ate a depressing breakfast by myself at the Poseidon table.
I kept staring at the fissure in the marble
floor where two years ago Nico had banished a bunch of bloodthirsty skeletons to the Underworld.
The
memory didn't exactly improve my appetite.
We started at the Poseidon cabin, which was basically just me.
I'd made my bunk bed that morning
(well, sort of) and straightened the Minotaur horn on the wall, so I gave myself a four out of five.
Annabeth made a face.
"You're being generous."
She used the end of her pencil to pick up an old pair
of running shorts.
I snatched them away.
"Hey, give me a break.
I don't have Tyson cleaning up after me this summer.
You saw what happened to Poseidon once his undersea palace was attacked.
"
I winced, remembering how old and decrepit my father looked.
"Yes," Prometheus said sadly.
"I know that was hard for you.
When Kronos destroys Olympus, the
gods will fade.
They will become so weak they will be easily defeated.
Kronos would rather do this while
Typhon has the Olympians distracted in the west.
Much easier.
Fewer lives lost.
But make no mistake, the
best you can do is slow us down.
The day after tomorrow, Typhon arrives in New York, and you will
have no chance at all.
The gods and Mount Olympus will still be destroyed, but it will be much messier.
Much, much worse for you and your city.
Either way, the Titans will rule.
"
Thalia pounded her fist on the table.
"I serve Artemis.
The Hunters will fight to our last breath.
Percy,
you're not seriously going to listen to this slimeball, are you?"
I figured Prometheus was going to blast her, but he just smiled.
"Your courage does you credit, Thalia
Grace.
"

Thalia stiffened.
"That's my mother's surname.
I don't use it.
"
"As you wish," Prometheus said casually, but I could tell he'd gotten under her skin.
I'd never even
heard Thalia's last name before.
Somehow it made her seem almost normal.
Less mysterious and
powerful.
"At any rate," the Titan said, "you need not be my enemy.
I have always been a helper of mankind.
"
"That's a load of Minotaur dung," Thalia said.
"When mankind first sacrificed to the gods, you
tricked them into giving you the best portion.
You gave us fire to annoy the gods, not because you cared
about us.
"
Prometheus shook his head.
"You don't understand.
I helped shape your nature."
A wiggling lump of clay appeared in his hands.
He fashioned it into a little doll with legs and arms.
The lump man didn't have any eyes, but it groped around the table, stumbling over Prometheus's fingers.
"I have been whispering in man's ear since the beginning of your existence.
I represent your curiosity,
your sense of exploration, your inventiveness.
Help me save you, Percy.
Do this, and I will give mankind
a new gift—a new revelation that will move you as far forward as fire did.
You can't make that kind of
advance under the gods.
They would never allow it.
But this could be a new golden age for you.
Or . . .
"
He made a fist and smashed the clay man into a pancake.
The blue giant rumbled, "Uh-oh."
Over at the park bench, the empousa bared her fangs in a smile.
"Percy, you know the Titans and their offspring are not all bad," Prometheus said.
"You've met
Calypso.
"
My face felt hot.
"That's different.
"
"How?
Much like me, she did nothing wrong, and yet she was exiled forever simply because she was
Atlas's daughter.
We are not your enemies.
Don't let the worst happen," he pleaded.
"We offer you
peace.
"
I looked at Ethan Nakamura.
"You must hate this.
"
"I don't know what you mean."
"If we took this deal, you wouldn't get revenge.
You wouldn't get to kill us all.
Isn't that what you
want?
"
His good eye flared.
"All I want is respect, Jackson.
The gods never gave me that.
You wanted me to
go to your stupid camp, spend my time crammed into the Hermes cabin because I'm not important?
It would be easy to get paranoid, to look out only for my own interest,
especially if I were Poseidon.
Sitting in his throne, I felt like I had the entire sea at my command—vast
cubic miles of ocean churning with power and mystery.
Why should Poseidon listen to anyone?
Why
shouldn't he be the greatest of the twelve?
Then I shook my head.
Concentrate.
The throne rumbled.
A wave of gale-force anger slammed into my mind:
WHO DARES—
The voice stopped abruptly.
The anger retreated, which was a good thing, because just those two
words had almost blasted my mind to shreds.
Percy.
My father's voice was still angry but more controlled.
What—exactly—are you doing on my
throne?
"I'm sorry, Father," I said.
"I needed to get your attention.
"
This was a very dangerous thing to do.
Even for you.
If I hadn't looked before I blasted, you would
now be a puddle of seawater.
"I'm sorry," I said again.
"Listen, things are rough up here.
"
I told him what was happening.
Then I told him my plan.
His voice was silent for a long time.
Percy, what you ask is impossible.
My palace—
"Dad, Kronos sent an army against you on purpose.
He wants to divide you from the other gods
because he knows you could tip the scales.
"
Be that as it may, he attacks my home.
"I'm at your home," I said.
"Olympus."
The floor shook.
A wave of anger washed over my mind.
I thought I'd gone too far, but then the
trembling eased.
In the background of my mental link, I heard underwater explosions and the sound of

battle cries: Cyclopes bellowing, mermen shouting.
"Is Tyson okay?"
I asked.
The question seemed to take my dad by surprise.
He's fine.
Doing much better than I expected.
Though "peanut butter" is a strange battle cry.
"You let him fight?"
Stop changing the subject!
You realize what you are asking me to do?
My palace will be destroyed.
"And Olympus might be saved.
"
Do you have any idea how long I've worked on remodeling this palace?
The game room alone took
six hundred years.
"Dad—"
Very well!
It shall be as you say.
But my son, pray this works.
"I am praying.
I'm talking to you, right?"
Oh . . .
yes.
Good point.
Amphitrite—incoming!
The sound of a large explosion shattered our connection.
I slipped down from the throne.
Grover studied me nervously.
"Are you okay?
You turned pale and . . .
you started smoking.
"
"I did not!"
Then I looked at my arms.
Steam was curling off my shirtsleeves.
The hair on my arms
was singed.
Poseidon was no longer
an old man.
He looked like himself again—tan and strong with a black beard.
As he swung his trident, the
river responded, making a funnel cloud around the monster.
"No!"
Kronos bellowed after a moment of stunned silence.
"NO!"
"NOW, MY BRETHREN!"
Poseidon's voice was so loud I wasn't sure if I was hearing it from the
smoke image or from all the way across town.
"STRIKE FOR OLYMPUS!"
Warriors burst out of the river, riding the waves on huge sharks and dragons and sea horses.
It was a
legion of Cyclopes, and leading them into battle was . . .
"Tyson!"
I yelled.
I knew he couldn't hear me, but I stared at him in amazement.
He'd magically grown in size.
He had
to be thirty feet tall, as big as any of his older cousins, and for the first time he was wearing full battle
armor.
Riding behind him was Briares, the Hundred-Handed One.
All the Cyclopes held huge lengths of black iron chains—big enough to anchor a battleship—with
grappling hooks at the ends.
They swung them like lassos and began to ensnare Typhon, throwing lines
around the creature's legs and arms, using the tide to keep circling, slowly tangling him.
Typhon shook
and roared and yanked at the chains, pulling some of the Cyclopes off their mounts; but there were too
many chains.
The sheer weight of the Cyclops battalion began to weigh Typhon down.
Poseidon threw
his trident and impaled the monster in the throat.
Golden blood, immortal ichor, spewed from the wound,
making a waterfall taller than a skyscraper.
The trident flew back to Poseidon's hand.
The other gods struck with renewed force.
Ares rode in and stabbed Typhon in the nose.
Artemis shot
the monster in the eye with a dozen silver arrows.
Apollo shot a blazing volley of arrows and set the
monster's loincloth on fire.
The army of Poseidon marched into
the throne room.
"Percy!"
Tyson yelled.
He charged toward me with his arms open.
Fortunately he'd shrunk back to
normal size, so his hug was like getting hit by a tractor, not the entire farm.
"You are not dead!"
he said.
"Yeah!"
I agreed.
"Amazing, huh?"
He clapped his hands and laughed happily.
"I am not dead either.
Yay!
We chained Typhon.
It was
fun!"
Behind him, fifty other armored Cyclopes laughed and nodded and gave each other high fives.
"Tyson led us," one rumbled.
"He is brave!"
"Bravest of the Cyclopes!"
another bellowed.
Tyson blushed.
"Was nothing.
"
"I saw you!"
I said.
"Well, Poseidon?"
"Are you too proud to join us in council, my brother?"
I thought Poseidon was going to get mad, but he just looked at me and winked.
thank Poseidon.
"
"I'm sorry, brother," Poseidon said.
Poseidon asked innocently.
Poseidon announced.
My name echoed around the chamber.
All talking died down.
The room was silent except for the crackle of the hearth fire.
Everyone's eyes
were on me—all the gods, the demigods, the Cyclopes, the spirits.
I walked into the middle of the throne
room.
Hestia smiled at me reassuringly.
She was in the form of a girl now, and she seemed happy and
content to be sitting by her fire again.
Her smile gave me courage to keep walking.
"Rise, my son," Poseidon said.
I stood uneasily.
"A great hero must be rewarded," Poseidon said.
"Is there anyone here who would deny that my son
is deserving?"
I waited for someone to pipe up.
The gods never agreed on anything, and many of them still didn't
like me, but not a single one protested.
"Is that all?"
"Percy," Poseidon said, "you ask much.
You presume much.
"
"I hold you to your oath," I said.
"All of you.
"
I got a lot of steely looks.
Strangely, it was Athena who spoke up: "The boy is correct.
We have been
unwise to ignore our children.
It proved a strategic weakness in this war and almost caused our
destruction.
Percy Jackson, I have had my doubts about you, but perhaps"—she glanced at Annabeth, and
then spoke as if the words had a sour taste—"perhaps I was mistaken.
I move that we accept the boy's
plan.
I turned, but before I could leave, Poseidon called, "Honor guard!"
Immediately the Cyclopes came forward and made two lines from the thrones to the door—an aisle
for me to walk through.
They came to attention.
"All hail, Perseus Jackson," Tyson said.
"Hero of Olympus . . .
and my big brother!"

TWENTY-ONE
BLACKJACK GETS
JACKED
Annabeth
and I were on our way out when I spotted Hermes in a side courtyard of the palace.
He was
staring at an Iris-message in the mist of a fountain.
I glanced at Annabeth.
"I'll meet you at the elevator.
"
"You sure?"
Then she studied my face.
"Yeah, you're sure."
Hermes didn't seem to notice me approach.
The Iris-message images were going so fast I could hardly
understand them.
Mortal newscasts from all over the country flashed by: scenes of Typhon's destruction,
the wreckage our battle had left across Manhattan, the president doing a news conference, the mayor of
New York, some army vehicles riding down the Avenue of the Americas.
"Amazing," Hermes murmured.
He turned toward me.
"Three thousand years, and I will never get
over the power of the Mist . . .
and mortal ignorance."
"Thanks, I guess.
"
"Oh, not you.
Although, I suppose I should wonder, turning down immortality.
"
"It was the right choice."
Hermes looked at me curiously, then returned his attention to the Iris-message.
"Look at them.
They've already decided Typhon was a freak series of storms.
Don't I wish.
They haven't figured out how
all the statues in Lower Manhattan got removed from their pedestals and hacked to pieces.
They keep
showing a shot of Susan B. Anthony strangling Frederick Douglass.
But I imagine they'll even come up
with a logical explanation for that.
"
"How bad is the city?"
Hermes shrugged.
"Surprisingly, not too bad.
The mortals are shaken, of course.
But this is New
York.
I've never seen such a resilient bunch of humans.
I imagine they'll be back to normal in a few
weeks; and of course I'll be helping.
"
"You?"
"I'm the messenger of the gods.
It's my job to monitor what the mortals are saying, and if necessary,
help them make sense of what's happened.
I'll reassure them.
Trust me, they'll put this down to a freak
earthquake or a solar flare.
Anything but the truth.
"
He sounded bitter.
George and Martha curled around his caduceus, but they were silent, which made
me think that Hermes was really really angry.
I probably should've kept quiet, but I said, "I owe you an
apology.
"
Hermes gave me a cautious look.
"And why is that?"
"I thought you were a bad father," I admitted.
I sat at the Poseidon table by myself and watched the moonlight on Long Island Sound.
I could see
Grover and Juniper at the beach, holding hands and talking.
It was peaceful.
"Hey."
Annabeth slid next to me on the bench.
"Happy birthday.
"
She was holding a huge misshapen cupcake with blue icing.
I stared at her.
"What?"
"It's August 18th," she said.
"Your birthday, right?"
I was stunned.
It hadn't even occurred to me, but she was right.
My dad, Poseidon, was standing knee-deep in the surf, wearing his typical Bermuda shorts, beat-up
cap, and a real subtle pink-and-green Tommy Bahama shirt.
He had a deep-sea fishing rod in his hands,
and when he cast it the line went way out—like halfway across Long Island Sound.
"Hey, Dad," I said.
"What brings you here?"
He winked.
"Never really got to talk in private on Olympus.
I wanted to thank you.
"
"Thank me?
You came to the rescue.
"
"Yes, and I got my palace destroyed in the process, but you know—palaces can be rebuilt.
I've gotten
so many thank-you cards from the other gods.
Even Ares wrote one, though I think Hera forced him to.
It's rather gratifying.
So, thank you.
I suppose even the gods can learn new tricks.
"
The Sound began to boil.
At the end of my dad's line, a huge green sea serpent erupted from the

water.
It thrashed and fought, but Poseidon just sighed.
Holding his fishing pole with one hand, he
whipped out his knife and cut the line.
The monster sank below the surface.
"Not eating size," he complained.
"I have to release the little ones or the game wardens will be all
over me."
"Little ones?
"
He grinned.
"You're doing well with those new cabins, by the way.
I suppose this means I can claim
all those other sons and daughters of mine and send you some siblings next summer.
"
"Ha-ha."
Poseidon reeled in his empty line.
I shifted my feet.
"Um, you were kidding, right?"
Poseidon gave me one of his inside-joke winks, and I still didn't know whether he was serious or not.
"I'll see you soon, Percy.
And remember, know which fish are big enough to land, eh?"
With that he dissolved in the sea breeze, leaving a fishing pole lying in the sand.
That evening was the last night of camp—the bead ceremony.
The Hephaestus cabin had designed the
bead this year.
It showed the Empire State Building, and etched in tiny Greek letters, spiraling around the
image, were the names of all the heroes who had died defending Olympus.
There were too many names,
but I was proud to wear the bead.
I put it on my camp necklace—four beads now.
I felt like an old-timer.
I
thought about the first campfire I'd ever attended, back when I was twelve, and how I'd felt so at home.
That at least hadn't changed.
"Never forget this summer!"
Chiron told us.
He had healed remarkably well, but he still trotted in
front of the fire with a slight limp.
"We have discovered bravery and friendship and courage this summer.
We have upheld the honor of the camp.
"
He smiled at me, and everybody cheered.
As I looked at the fire, I saw a little girl in a brown dress
tending the flames.
She winked at me with red glowing eyes.
No one else seemed to notice her, but I
realized maybe she preferred it that way.
"And now," Chiron said, "early to bed!
Remember, you must vacate your cabins by noon tomorrow
unless you've made arrangements to stay the year with us.
The cleaning harpies will eat any stragglers,
and I'd hate to end the summer on a sour note!"
